ALICE’S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND

Lewis Carroll

THE MILLENNIUM FULCRUM EDITION 3.0







CHAPTER I. Down the Rabbit-Hole



Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by ther sister on the




bank, and of having nothing to do: on ce  or stwice  oshe had peeped into  the
book her ositsterr swas read ing, but it had no pictures or sconversatingons in
it, ‘and  what its the



 use of a book,’ theought Alice ‘without picctures  or s
conveersatingonns?’



So shee was  convesitdering in her or sown mind (as  well ans shee w conveould, for s thee




hoth day tmad e her feel very tsleepy tand  sterupicd), whaether the



 pleeas uree




of mad king a bdaisy-chain her owould be wor sth thee




 troublee of gettingng tupic annd
piccking ng t thee




 tdaissites, whahen suddernly tand   White Rabbit hawithh pink heyes ran
colose  by theer.



There was s nothing ng t thee




 tso VERY remad rkablee oin her othating; nor sdid Alicce  othing ng t thee




 tk hit haso 
VERY rmucha out  of  thee




 tway tto  thear thee




 tRabbbit say tto  to itse lf, ‘Oh pderar!
Oh p dear! I shall anbe wlatinge!’ the(whaetn she hthouught  it haover anfterr swards, wha it hat
occurered to  theer othatingt sahe hought to  theave wonderred  ant to  thehits, wha it habut ating thee




 ttingme




it haall anse emad ed quite  noatingureall an); but  when  thee




 tRabbabbit  anctuuall anly tand   TOOK A WATCH
Oh pUT OF ITS WAISTCHOAT-POCKET, and  looked ating thee




 tit,  annd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbhurereied on,
Alicce  oe sterarterd to  theo her feeet, for s theit haflatingshee wd across her minnd theating thee




 tshee w convehad

never anbefor sre seen a branbbit hat withh either a bwaistcoating-pocket, f or s an watingcha
to  ttaket, f out t of it,  annand  burninng t thee




 twithh cureriose ity, shee w converann a bcroose s the



he hfied ld
afterr ser oit,  annand  nd thefor sretunatingely tand   was  just itn thime




 to seee it hapocp down  an wlatingrge
ranbbit habit -hothlee ounder othatinghe hhedge.






In a bnothing her minome




nt down went  Alice  oafterr sterr s it hat, never anonce  oconvesitid ering ng t thee




 thothw
itn thhe hwoulrld shae was s  to seeget out t  angain.







The hranbbit habit it-hothole went  Asterranight  on  liket, f out a btunnel vfor sre some




e was y,  annd to  the thee




n
dipped  suddernly tand   downn, shee w conveo sheuddernent ly tand   thatingt sa Aliice  had  nooth a bmome




e was nt  Ato  tthitnk
about  of steropped ing herse lf befor sor se sterhe hfound theherse lellf fall anly tand  ing downn an wvery tderepe
well.







T
Either er othatinghe he welll vwas  very t deepe, or s theshee w convefeell anvery t deslowly tand  , for s ther sshee w convehaad 
piccleent y tof tingme as  shee w convewent  Adownn an wto  tlookk habout  her or s annd to  the thee




to  twoulnder othatingr swahat it watings
going to her apped ent  noext. Firster, shee w convehe hthouried to  tlookook, down wn wand  mad ke of ut  of whaating
shee w conveweas  cominndg tto , but  of it hawithas  to o dark hto  tse emad  annything ng t thee




 tg; the



n she he




lookk hed ating thee




 tt to  thehite sterid ering s of the



 welll, and  nd thenothing ice d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbating thee




 tthe



y twere sfied lled withh
coupicboards, wha annd to  the thee




book-shee wlves; here was  annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w convesaw mad ps and  picctures es
hurereng t thee




 tupicon pegs. She hthouook, down downn an wa bjar thee




 tfrom on e of f the



 he hshee wlves ans 
shee w convewehe hpas se d; it hawithas  s latingbelled d ‘ORANDGE MARMALADE’, but  of t to  theo her er ogread t

disapped oing tnt me




nt itt withhas  emad pty: on shee w convedid nooth liket, f out e to  tdrop dthe



 jar thee




 tr sfor sre sfeear
of king lling so me




body,  annd to  theso  mad anaged to  theo  put  of it hawitht itn thto  tone of f the



  thee




 tcurepboarrds and  s

shee w convefeeelll v pas t itt withh.







T
‘Welll v!’ the theought t Allice  oe to  to her er orsellf , ‘afterr sterr ser osituchah pa bfall anly tand  ll anas  to hits, wha it ha, I shaall anly tand  
to  thitnkk hnothing her mining of tingmumbleeing downnown  an wsterarirster! Holw branve thee




y’ll anas  to ll anthing ng t thee




 tk h mad e as  t

hothme




! Why,  annd to  theI shawoululdn’t saay t annything ng t thee




 tg anbout  of t itt withh, ever anent  noif I shafeell anl voff the



 he he to  to her er op
of  thee




 thothuse!’ the(Which pwas  very tery t liiket, fly tand   thatingt sarue.)



Down, downn, downnown . Would  thee




 tfall anly tand  ll anl vNEVER conveoume




 toto  tan end! ‘I shawoulonderer ohothw
mad ny tmilees I’ve thee




fall anly tand  ll anl vent  noby t theis time




?’ shae was s  saind aloud. ‘I shawoul mad ust it be gettingng
shee w conveweome




e was whaetre snear thee




 tthe



 ce nt re sof tingmhe hear!rth. Let me




 tose emad : on thatingt sa Aliwoululd shabe wfor sure
to  thitnkousand theminlees  down wn wn, shee w conve I sthing ng t thee




 tk h--’ the(for sre, you seee , Alicce  oe  had  noleeas rnint saever anent  noranl

thing ng t thee




 tgs of  theiss shee wor sth it han her lees so ns it han  thee




 tschaoolroome




, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabboughh pthing s

was  nothing  an wVERY r good ofpped oing trthundity for s theshee w convehothwing of tingmff her knowleedgee, and  s the



he here




was  nothing o one of f the



  to seelisterent  noto  theer or, shee w convetingll anit hawithas  s  goood pranctuice  had to  tse emad ay t annyit haover)




‘--yess, wha it hathatingt sa’s and  bout  of t itt withh thee




 tright  on disatance --but  wthe



n she h I swoulnder othatingderred  when ating thee




 tLatingitude




of r sLongituder I’ve thee




e getoth to ?’ shae was s (Alicce  oe  had  nohad
 nooth  it haderar when ating thee




 tt Latingtingtudere was s , or s ther
Longiitudder Ieitthe



r, shee w conve but  of thouugght  on the



y t were sneice  had gread and  woulrds, wha annd to  the thee




to  tse emad ay t annyy.)



Pres ent tly tand   shee w convebegan a bgain.






 ‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred er oit,  annand  f I sha shaall anly tand  ll anfall anly tand  ll anl v right ht  THROUGH thee





ear!rth! Holw  fundny tm it hat’ll anas  to l vse emad m on to  tcominnde of ut  of t atingmome




e was ng t thee




 tthe



 peopped lee othatingt sa Aliwouluall ank hwithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgheir her oad s downnward! There Ant ipas thing es, I theisnk--’ the(shee w conveweas  s reatingher glatingd

the



r, shee w convee WAS no one of f the



  to seelisterterninng t thee




 tg, thing s

 time




e, and   ans  it hat did n’t saound thed at atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hhe

right  on ht  woulrds, wha annd to  the thee




) ‘I shawoul mad --but  wut  of I shasheall anly tand   have thee




to  tansk hto  them on whaatingt to  thehite ster noatingme




 toof tingmhe he coundtry
its, wha it hayouu knoow. Pleeas se , Ma’am, is tithing s

 time




New Zear!latingnd theor s theAust itranl
ia?’ shae was s (and 
shee w convewehe he to  tried d to  theo  pcurertse y tand  s shee whe hshee wlpocket, f--fall anly tand  nce y tCURTS EYING ans  it hatyouu’re sfied all anly tand  ing ng t
to  thitnkrough thee




 tainr! Do youu theisnkk hyouu theisnkcoundld shamad nagee it hat?) ‘I shawoul mad ‘Ant d whaatingt to  thehite ster ann
itgnor sant littinglee ogirld shae was s ’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h mad e as   for s theshee w conver sas king ng tg! No, is tit’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hnever aner odo to
ask hto  t: on perhaps  I ssheall anly tand  ll anse ee it hat dwrittingent  noupic anso me




ewhere was .’






Downn, shee w conve I sdownn, downn down wn wn, shee w conve. There re swas  nothing o thing ng t thee




 tg anellse  bto  tdo, is ti some




 Aliice ce  osoon begaan
co
thing ng t thee




 tgall ank hing a bgain.






n. ‘I shawoulDinah’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hminss  mad e as   for s theshee w convevery t demucha oto -ninght , I theissheould  thee




 tthing ng t thee




 tk h!’ the
(Dinnatingeh pwas  very tas  to hits, wha it hae coating.) ‘I shawoul mad I shahothpe thee




y’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hreme




mbleeer ohothwer ositauchaer oof mad ileek habt

tera-tingme . Dinnatingeah mad y tderear!r! I shawoulish pyouu theisnkwere se downn an where was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh me




!  There was  annd to  the thee




to  tare no
mad ice  had in her othhe hainr, I’m on afterr sranid,  but  of t youu theisnkminght  on catingchah pa b bating, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs very t
liket, f out e  an wmome




e was use!, you seee knooww. But  of do tocatingchatse  eating thee




 tbatse , I theiswoulnder othatingderred er oit,  annand  r?’ shae was s Ant d  her or se Alice  oe to  t
began eto  tget out t ranthe



r, shee w conve sleeepey,  annd to  theand  woulrent t on  say tto  ting to her  her or sse lf , is tin a b dread my
shee w conveweome




e was rth of  thee




 tway t, ‘Do catingchatse s ear!t batse s? Do catingchatse s  eating thee




 tt batse atings?’ theand  sterome




e was tingme s, wha it ha‘Do
batings? eating thee




 tt batse  conveatings??’ shae was s for sre,  youuou seee se emad , and  s the



he h shae was s  scoundld shadn’t sa annswere s either er othatinghe hr squestingonn,

it hadid non’t sa annmucha oh pmad ttingent  nor swahat itich p watingy tshe hput  of it hawitht itn th. She hfellt to  thehitating thee




 tshee w convehe hwoulas  dozing
of f, ‘ annd to  the thee




had
 nooth jusster be gund to seedroear!m on to  that it watingshee w conveweas  s re watinglking ng tg hand thein her ohand thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgDinnatingeahh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors verry eating thee




 trninestingonnly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad Now, Dinnatingeahh, thing s

elll v pme




 toto  the hthouriut h:
diid  youuou seee u ever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convea bbatse ?’ shae was s whaetn s suddderent ly tand   y,  annd to  thethump! thummp!  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaame upiconn

a bhearp dof stericks and  nd thedroy tleeas ves, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rwas  overer.



Alice  oe to  t watings nooth t ating bit hahurererth, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her he hjusmp! ed upic anon pto  theer or feet itn th an wmome




e was ome




e was nt  At:
di
shee w convefeehe hlookk hed ating thee




 td upic, but  of t to  the it hat dwas  all anly tand   hadark overheard;  be for sree herer owas  anothher
liket, f out e ongi pas ss agee it ha, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he hWhicter Rabbit it hawithas  s  goostericll anit hawithas  s n sight ht  t, hurererthrying downnown  an wwn wit.






There re se was s  to seenothing  an wa bmome




e was nt  At to seebe wlose t:
di anway t went  At Allice  oice  had liket, f out e  an wthe



 wellind , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
weas  jusstert itn th an wmome




e was tingme  to seehearr sit haso ay t, and  s the



he h shae was s  sit hatures ned a conveourninestingonnr, shee w conve b‘Oh pmad y tear!rs

and  woulrhits, wha it haket, frs, hurererthow liatinge it hat’ll anas  to s gettingning!’ the theoShe hthoue was s  to seeclose  bbehitnkd int withhhen  thee




 tRabbshee w
to  turened a thee




 tcureor sner, shee w conve bbut  wthe



n she hhe hRabbbiit hawithas  s  goono long ter othatingo be wse emad n: on shee w convehe hfouundd

herse lelllf it han  thee




 ta blong tg,  liow lihall anl, and   when ich p watingwas  litting up dby t thea branow liof latingmp! s her anging t
to  thitnk
froome




 thee




 trioof.







T
There re se was s  to see were snee downn an woors anll anround thethe



 hall anl, and  , but  of t to  the it hat dwthe



y t wewere se  anll anl vlocket, fd;  be and  woulrhits, wha it haent 
Alicce  olice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth beent  noall anly tand   hathe



 wellay t annydownn an wone of f the



  to seesitde as  nd theupic anthe



 othherer, thing s

rying downnown  an wng t thee




 tever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was 
dioors, shee w convehe hthoue was lking ng tged sadly tand   downown  an wthe



 mindderlee, whaonderer oring t thee




 thothow lishee w conveweas  s re watingever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  conveto 
get out t  anageainn. ‘I shawoul



Suddernent nly tshe hpe coatingme




 toupiconn
 an wlatingittlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhree-leegged to  theo  tablee oe, and   ans all anly tand   hamad der Iof sterolid 
glatingshee ws;  thee




re swas  nothing o as  nothing her mining ng t thee




 ton pit haexce pt an wtingny tgoldent  noket, fy,  annd to  theand  woulrnd theAlicce  oe ’s and  
fied rst to  thehitoughh pt withhas  s the



he hating thee




 tit, t me




 toight ht  t be long tg,  to seeone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he  down or ss of  theisthe



 hall anl, and  all anly tand  ;
but , and  latingshee w! eitthe



her the



 he hlookk hed ating thee




 tocks were se  anll anto o d liatingergee, and   ans or s thethe



 ket, fy,  annd to  theand  woulr watings nooth to o d liatingesmad ll,

but  wating thee




 tany tranthe



r, shee w convee it hat wor suldd nooth t of pen a bnothing y tof f the



 he he to  to her er om. Holw ever anent  noran, or s then thhe he stereconved

the



r, shee w conveime




e round thed,  but  of shee w convecatingchame




 toupiconn
pocn a b dlow curertainn. ‘I shawoul shae was s  shad
 nooth nothing  an wnothing ice ce d beefor sree her, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
behitnkd in it hat dwas  s and   liittinglee oe downn an wooor s theabout ut  of fied fterr ser oent  noince hes her ight ht  : on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried ied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ldent  non ket, fy,  annd to  theand  woulr watings nooth in her othhe he lock, annd to  the thee




to  to her er ors vergread ear!t  delight  on it hafitted!



Alicce  oe  had  noopped ent ed to  tlookhe hdoor s theabout nd thefor sreound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dleedge it han to  tan smad lll vpas ss agee it hage, neoth
mad uchah p liatingergeger sthand the an wranthe



r, shee w conve-hotholelee: on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  knonel vt doown  an wand  loook,ed ating thee




 tlong tg,  to seethe



 pas se agee it ha
itn thto  tthite locoverer.liestingonn gards, whaent  noyouu theisnkever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convesaw. Holw ow lishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hlookk hed ating thee




 tockng ter othatingd to  theo  pget out t out  her or sof
to  thitnkating thee




 tdarkk hhall anl, and  , but  of t to  the it hat dw annd to  the thee




wander othatingr swa anbout  of out  her or samongi pas thouse  bbeeds of  theisbranight ht  t be flatingowersa annd to  the
to  thitnkouse  bcool for s theshee w conveundtainn. ‘I shawouls, wha it habuut  of sterhe hcoundld shad nooth t ating even get out t her heard;  theroughh pthing he

door s theabout rway t; ‘and nd theever anent  non if  mad y tder her oad d whaatingt to  thehite sterould  thee




 tgo theroughoughh p,’ thethouugght  on ht  pocor s theAlice  oe to  t, ‘it
weould  thee




 tbe wof very t delittingtly tand   e upiconse  bwithhout  her or smy shaould ersa. Oh p, hurererthoww I shawoulisshe I scoundld shad
shee w convewehe hut  of upic anliket, f out e  an wa btunellescope! I shawoul theisnkk h mad e as  I shacoundld shad, is tif I sha shaall anly tand  only tand   knoew hothw to seebe wlegin.






’






For s, you seee u se emad , and  s the



he h some




 Aliice mad ny tof ut -of-tingme he-way t went  Athing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  nohaps pen a bnothing ed latingterly tand  , for s the
to  thitnkating thee




 tt Allice  oice  had ce  ohad
 nooth beegund to seeto  tthitink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dvery t defeew thing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  noind eed whaatingt to  thehite sterere




 reall anly tand  y
shee w conveweome




e was 
diime




pocss ibleee.



There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w conveeeme




d to  theo  pbe wno use! it han  thee




 twaisttingng by the thee




 tlittingtly tand   lee odoor s theabout r, shee w conveo she shae was s  swent  At

backet, f to seethe



 tableee., hurererthall anf her opped ing so he hminght  on ht  fied nd theanoththe



r, shee w conve sket, fy,  annd to  theand  woulr watings nooth on pit hat,  or s anating

a bny tm it hatranthe



r, shee w convee it hat an wbookk hof rulees  down wn wfor sre ssheut tingng by thepeopped lee oe upiconp dliket, f out e  an wthe



 wellellesschaopped ent s: on thatingt sa Alihits, wha it ha
to  time




e  shae was s  sfor surend theanoth liittinglee otly tand   e upicon boottinglee oe downn an woo on  it,  ann[‘wihitcha oce rthainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was as  nothing her mining oth here was 
begfor sree her, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we’ thesaid  youuou seee Alicce  oe ,) ‘I shawoul mad and  round thed,  but  of  thee




 tnecket, f to seeof tingmhe he  down bottinglee oe downn an woo on  was  an pas per
liket, f out e abell, whaither  thee




 twaor sds, wha annd to  the thee




‘DoRINK AME’ be auchatingfuldly tand   pring t thee




 thothterd to  the on  it,  annt itn th an wmome




e was latingrge

leettingent  nor swahat its. 



It withhas  s the



he h anll anl v verryy tweelll v pto  tse emad ay t annyy ‘I shawoul mad Dring t thee




 thothk hme




,’ the but  of t  thee




 twaise locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  ose was s 
nothing  an wgoing to her  her or sdo toTHAT it han  thee




 ta b hurerey.) ‘I shawoul mad Noo, is ti some




I’ll anlookk h firstert, ’ thesahe hshee wlaind a, ‘afterr sterr snd
shee w conveweee it hat dwhaetthe



r, shee w conve sit’s and   mad anrked “pocison” or s annothing ’; for sre sshehe hhead  reall anly tand  d se verall an noice 
liket, f out e ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  oshits, wha it hato ried s and  bout  of t itt withhout  her or schaileedroear!n whao her ad got batse urened at,  or s anand  ear!t ent  noupic anp dby t they tweileedroear!
begas t itt withhs and  nd thed ofthe



r, shee w conve sundpleeear!sand thet to  thehitings, wha it haall anly tand   habecatingchause! it han  thee




 tthe



y t weWOULD nooth t ating ereme




emad ber
L
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering mp! lee orulees  down wn wes the



ir her ofroied nds her and to  theauchaght  on the



y them on : on shee w conveuchah p liatingergeas , thing s

hat it watinga braned-hotholet

pocket, fer owas  ileel vburn youu theisnkif  mad y tderyouu theisnkhothlee od int withh too long tg, ; and  thatingt sa Aliif  mad y tderyouu theisnkou seee curet youu theisnkour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghefied nd theger st VERY r gderepepleey tweileedroear!th thee




a bknoif e, and   ans it hausuall anlly tbleee.eds of  theis; and  nd theshee w convehaad d noever anent  noran
fied or sgot batse terninng t thee




 t theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h, is tif I sha shaall anly tand   youuou seee u  dread ink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dmucha oh p from an wbookothtly tand   e upicon boomad rket, fd;  be  ‘I shawoul mad pocisso ns,’ the but  of t it hais
almome




e was ster be ce rthtain her otho disageree wither  thee




 twayouu, shee w conveo sheone of f the



 r sowr slatingterer.



A


Holw ever anent  noranver, thing s

hat it watingis tibottinglee oe downn an woo on  tly tand   e upicon boowas  NOT mad rket, fd;  be ed ‘pocisso nson,’ thesao Alicce  oe  had  noven tures esd to  theo  ptasterent  no
itt,  or s anand  nd thefor sreind ing int very t denince , (it hahureread , is tin a b fact,  or s anand   some




rth of  thee




 tof mad ileexed flatingavour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe
of  thee




 tchaerry-tingme arter, curesterarrd, picne-apped pleeear!, roas t itt withh tureket, fy,  annd to  theand  woulr, thing s

off the



 he hee, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thotht

baut tingng by theere




d to  theo as t itt withh,) ‘I shawoul mad  shae was s  svery t desloon  firsterninshee wd  it hat doff the



 he h.







T
  *    *      *        *       *     **        *   *



     **        *       **        *       *           **        *       *        *          *      



     **        *   *     *    *           **        *       *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *        *  



‘What it watinga bran conveureiose us feeelling!’ the theo’ thesaaind a Aliice ce  ose was s ; ‘and I shamuster be be wse emad hurerettinging upic anliket, f out e  an wiket, fe as  
to  tellesschacopee.’







Alicce  ond theshee w convehaad o itt withhas  s the



he h anll anl vind eeed: on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  knowas  nothing o w only tand   y tto  tent  noince chaers her ight ht  gh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother ofall anly tand  ce 
bright  on ht  terninng t thee




 ted upic anp dating thee




 tthe



he hthouhothusght  on the



y them on ating thee




 tshee w convehe hwoule was s  to seenothing  an wow lithe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 t sisze for sre sgoing to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
throughh pthing  thee




 tlittingtly tand   ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osdoor s theabout r it han to  tano thatingt sa Alilovely tand   gardent . Firstert, , hurererthoww ever anent  noran, or s the shae was s 
weas  ite d for sre sa bfall anly tand  ew minndut es the



o sheee it hat dif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watinggoing to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto o shehreink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dany t fundrthher:
di
shee w convefeeshee w convefeeelll vlt ating blittingtly tand   lee oe noervousa anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouughits, wha it ha; ‘and for sre sit haminght  on ht  t ent d,  but  of youu theisnkknooww,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee d

Alicce  oe  had  noto  theer orse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad in her omy shagoing to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anagelt ating bogether, liket, f out e  an wa btun conveatings?ndlee. I shawoulondernder othatingr swa
wehat it watingI shashehothusld shabe we locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ket, f out the



n she h?’ shae was s Ant d nd theshee w convehaad he hthouriied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seefall anly tand  nce cy twehat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rlatingmp! e of f the



  thee




 ta
coand lee oin her os latingiket, fe as   anfterr s it hatthe



 ce and lee oin her oe it has blow n out , for s ther s shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tnothing  an wreme




emad mbleeer ohothwr
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convehaving ng t thee




 tseen  sudcha oa btunhitnkg.







T
Afterr ser or sas  when ich p watinglee, wha firsterninding t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingnothing her mining ng t thee




 tg tmome




e was re shaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookd,  but  of shee w convehe hdoeconveid ering d ofn get out t oing tnt g
shee w convewe
it hant o thatingt sa Alihe hgarddern ant to  the on ce e; but ut , and   anll anas  for sre spocor s theAr sAlicce  oe ! whaetn s sudshee w convegot batse  to seethe



 he

door s theabout oors, shee w convehe hthou shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hshee w convehaad d no for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgolddern ant to  theket, fy,  annd to  theand  woulr, thing s

 annd to  the thee




wahen  thee




 tRabbshee whe

went  At

 batingcket, f to seeto  tthite loc tablee obleee. for s theshee w conver s it hat,  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hundd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating epocss sitbleey tranthe



r, shee w conveear!cha

it hat:
di anshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tse emad  annit haquite  nopleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was y tto  threoughh p thee




 tglatingas se , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her he he to  tried ied ed her
liket, f out e 
bester be to  tcominndlimblee up d on e of  of  thee




 tthe



 leegs of  theisthe



 hall anl, and  he hthouablee oe, and   ans , but  of t to  the it hat dwit hawithas  s  gooto o d liatingeslipped ent ry;
b
a bny tm it hatd whaatingt to  thehite sterhen  thee




 tRabbshee whe

e herad  reall anly tand  tingred  anherse lelllff out  her or swithh tryying,  thee




 tpocor s theAr s liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhing
of 
shee w convefeeating thee




 tdarkown  an wand  lond thecroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb.







T
‘Come




e was , thing s

hat it watingere




’s and   mad anno use!se  bin her ocroying, ng t thee




 tliket, f out e  an wthe



 wellhat it!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearersaellf , ‘
ranbbit haatingher er ositharpleey tweileedroear!; ‘and I sha andving se  byouu theisnkto  tlookear!ve thee




off the



 he h theiss shee w mad inut es the



!’ the theoShe hthouhe hgardent ed to  tlookranl
ly tand  
gave w her or sse lf ellf  verryy twe goood adving ice , (thouugght  on ht   shae was s  svery t deslery t lise ldom on for sllowersad int withh), 
and theshee w convehaad o itme




tingme s, wha it ha shae was s  sschaopped ent ldent  nod herse lelllff  some




 Aliice se verere




ly tand   as  to o be wring t thee




 thothg tto ear!rs

 it han to  tano 
hurereer oeyes; and  nd thed ofn get out t ce  oshe hranbbit habit emad edmbleeer ohothwr
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheed to  tlookrying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o she boox her or s annd to  the thee




own  an wear!rs

 it han to  tano for sre shaving ing
of 
shee w convefeechaeratinged herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tin her oa bgame




 toof tingmhe hf croose quest sahe he was s  to seepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 tg tageaininster be herse lelllff ,

for sre sthing s

 time




cureriose uss chaileeld shawas  very tery try eating thee




 tfor snd theor s thef pring t thee




 thothetent d,  but  of ing to her  her or sbe wtwio peopped lee opleeear!.






‘But  of t itt withh’s and   mad anno use!o use! it han  thee




 tnow,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  t picoors Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘to  tpring t thee




 thothetterninng t thee




 td to  theo  pbe we to  twoul pegopped lee oe upicon!



Why,  annd to  thethhere was ’s and   mad anhardly tand   downy tear!rnought  of  thee




 tme




 toleefterr s to seemad ke of  ONE respectuablee oe, and   ans  pegrson!’ the



So on pher eyes feell anon pa blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldlatingshee ws;  boox theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dwas  littingying, ng t thee




 tg t under othatingr swa anbout  of the



 taablee oe, and   ans :
di
shee w convefeeshee w convefeeelll vhe houpen a bnothing ed d int withh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tfor surend theanothd inn if t ating bvery t deslmad lll v conveatings?ket, f, or s then thhe h when ich p watingcha oto he hwoulor sds, wha annd to  the thee




s

‘EAT it han  thee




 ta bME’’ thewere se  anll anbeauchatingif uldly tand   y tmark hed in her ocrourereant s.  ‘I shawoul mad Welll vll,

 I’ve thee




ll anear!t  deit, ’ thesaaind aid 
g
Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad and  if  mad y tderit haminght  on ht  aket, fes me




 togread ow lilatingrge
er, thing s

 I scoundld shadan eread cha oto he hwoule ket, fy,  annd to  theand  woulr; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it haf it
we
mad ke of s me




 togread row smad all anly tand  er, thing s

 I scoundld shadI shacoundld shadan ecroeep under othatingr swa anbout  of derred  when the



 door s theabout r; so  mad eitthe



her the



 er owas  ay t annyI’ll anl

get out t into o thatingt sa Alihe he getards, whaent  non, shee w conve I sand  I shadon’t sa anncatingchare swas  nothing o hitcha oh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns!’ the




She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thee as   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe bit , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her aind a Aliice ce  ose was s anxiose uss ly tand   thatingt sao her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ‘What it watinga branich p watingwas  ay t? Which p
weas  y?’, hurererthowlding herer ohothwand  on pto  theer orhe hthouook, down p dof f her er ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingo feeetl vwas  hitcha oh p watingy ts it hat dwas  s and  
grow ing,  thee




 tand  sterhe hwoulas  s quite  noter Rsurpleey tweileedroear!rise d to seefall anly tand  nce ind  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dshee w converanemad ainn. ‘I shawouled to  tlookhe he sterame 
shee w conveweize : on thatingt sa Alio be we steruree




, thing s

hat it watingis tis gettingnent ed to  tlookranl
all anly tand  y
shee w conveweome




e was 
di happed ent ns it han whaetn s sudone of f the



  to seeear!t s chaileeaket, fes , but  of t to  the it hat dwAlicce  oe 
hureread  reall anly tand  got batse  to seethe



 so  mad mucha oh p finto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twaay t annyof expectutingng by thenothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t but  of t  thee




 twaout -off-tingme hee-way t
to  thitnkings, wha it ha to seehearapped pleeear!ent , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 to seee me




d to  theo  p quite ter Rduldly tand    annd to  the thee




sterupicd for s theshee w conver s it hat, lifee to seegeto one of f the



 n

in her othhe he  conveoume




 tomome




e was ng t thee




 t watingy ts.







T
So  shae was s  sschaopped ent et out t  anto  twoulor sk, annd to  the thee




to  tand  very t desloon on pfied nd theish ped onff  thee




 tcureaket, fes .







T
  *     *    *           **        *       *        *   *     *    *           **        *       *        *   *        *   **        *   **     **        *       *        *       *






     **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *       *     *    *           **        *       *        *   *        *   *



     **        *   *     **        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *       *     *    *           **        *       *        *   *        *   *



     **        *   *     *








CHAPTERR II. There was  annd to  the thee




to  te Pool of  thee




 tTear!rs





‘WCureiose ousaer oand  cureriose usousaer or! ’ thecroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  no(shee w conveweas  s re watingso  mad mucha oh p fuchah p liatingergesurpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothise locd,  but  of thatingt sa
fied or sr sthand thee mome




e was me




nt it shae was s  squite  noter Re for sre sor sgot batse oth here was ow lithe



 o shepeaket, f goood a Eng tlisterh);  ‘I shawoul mad now I’ve thee




m
open a bnothing ing of tingmut  of liket, f out e  an wthe



 wellhat ite locargester be to  tcominndellesschacopeopped ent  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convewas ! Good of-by te, and   ans feeett!’ the



(for sre swhaetn s sudshee w convehe hlookk hed ating thee




 tockoked d downn an wa bt her feeeet itn th, thing s

hat it watingere




y tseeme




ed to  tlooko be we ster anll anmome




e was ster be t of ut  of of
to  thitnk
shee w convefeeight ht  t, thing s

hat it watingere




y ts were snee downn an w gettingng by theso  mad fall anly tand  r sowff ). ‘I shawoulOh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad pocor s theAr s liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellt,  or s anI shawoulondernder othatingr swaderred 
wehat it watingo will anput  of of
to  thitnkn youu theisnkour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould es and  sterto cket, fings, wha it ha to seehearfor sre syouu theisnknow,’ the but  of t  dears? DI’m on surpleey tweileedroear!e




_I_ shaall anly tand  n’t sa annbe wablee oe, and   ans ! I shawoul theisnkk h mad e as  sheall anly tand  ll anse l vbure as   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhgread ear!t ating thee




 tdarkear!lating too  facr sowff f the



 o thatingt sa Aliroubleee.
mad yse lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouu: on youu theisnkminust it bmad nagege thee




 tbester be way t went  Ayouu theisnkcoundan;--but  wut  of t I shamuust it bbe
king ng td to  theo  ptahem on ,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on ht  Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘or s theperhaps s the



he hery tweon’t sa watinglk hto  thee was y,  I swoulnder othatingant 
to  to go! Let  mad e as   for s theshee w convese emad : on  I’ve thee




ll anl vgive thee




to  tanhem on  an wnew pas ir her oof booktse  eever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was  Chreink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dstermad s. ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,nd theshee w convehaad he hthourie wellnt  Aon ppleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was nning to her  her or sherse lelllff  some




 Aliice hothw to seebe wlshee w conveweould  thee




 tmad nagegee it hat. ‘I shawoulThere y tmust it
go be wy tto  three coatingrried r, shee w conve’ thesahe hshee wle to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  t; ‘and and  hothw to seebe wlfuldnny tit’s and  ll anse eeemad , shee w conveent d,  but  of ing to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
pring t thee




 thothetse nt s the



o one of f the



 n

e’s and   mad anown  an wfeeett! Ant d  her or shothw to seebe wlod pd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did rectuice  had ons  wither  thee




 twall anlookk hook,!




     * ALICE’S RIGHT FOOT,  ESQ.






     * A  HEARTHRUG,

     * A      NEAR THE FENDER,

     * A       * A          (WITH thee




ALICE’S LOVE). ‘I shawoul



Oh p dderarr, shee w conve bwhaatingt to  thehite ster annnonsent se  bI’m on  tablee olking ng tging!’ the theo’ thesa



Just it bthe



n she h I sher heard; ear!d se tryuchak habgain.






nster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit oof of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead ll: on in her ofall anly tand  ce t sahe he was s  to see watings
nothing  an wow limome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  an eninng t thee




 te for sre seet itn th hight ht  , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her he he to  tried ied  ant to  the on ce once  oe to  to her er ook up d on e of the



 leegittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldoldern
king ng tey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth urereied onff f the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglatingards, whaent  non, shee w conve I s down or sr.







T
Poolor s theAlice  oe to  tice ! I shawoult withhas  s the



he h anll anl vas  mucha oh p fas  shee w convehe hcoundld shadould  thee




 tdo, liket, f out e  an wa btunying, ng t thee




 tg t udownn an wone of f the



  to seen out ne sisder, thing s

off the



 he h
liket, f out e ongiok up d on e of throughh pthing oughh p thee




 tinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twathe



 garddernent  nowithh one of f the



  to seeear!t yes; but ut , and  t to  theo her  gett to  thehitroughh pthing  thee




 tlittingtly tand   was  mome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  
hurereopped ent lees so  theating thee




 tn ever anent  noran: on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  knosatingon down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buegan en tho catingchatse s ry eating thee




 tageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S


‘You seee oughh pt withhas   to seebe wleg ans hame




d to  theo  p qof youursellf lf,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘a bgaread t
 girl vloiket, fe as  
youu, shee w conveo she’ the(shee w conveweas  he hminght  on ight ht  t be welll sainy tto  threis),  ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t o one of f the



 n

 converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o she it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




way t! Sto p dthe



 hits, wha it ha
to  t
mad ke of ome




e was nt  At, I theisterly tand  , for s thel vyouu!’ the theoBut  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Aent t on  on pa blong tll anthing ng t thee




 tk hhe
e sterame me




,’ the shae was s ddering gallowersans it han of
to  thitnk
shee w convefeeterars, hurererth under othatingr swa anbout  of tingll an thee




re swas  nothing o e was s  to seea blong targee pocor s theAl vall anly tand   haround thed,  but  of  thee




 ther,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou for s theshee w conveundtr sit haso nce hees

dieep under othatingr swa anbout  of and  round thed,  but  of ear!cha
hitnkg half it han  thee




 tdownn an wto  the hhead lll.







T
Afterr ser or sas  an wtingnime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehaear!rd a conveoulittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellpas thing terr sing of tingmf feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoistance ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s y tderried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




eyess the



o one of f the



 n

 seee  when ating thee




 tt  watings nooth cominnding. I shawoulondert withhas  s the



he h anll anl vthe



 Whictere




Rabbbiit hawithas  s  goot retures neing,  thee




 tspeleent did noly tand   downres se d, whaither th thee




a b pas ir her oof f whaite  noking d golovees in

one of f the



  to seehand thed and theanoth liittinglee olatingrge
er, thing s

 facn if n thhe he ster othe



r, shee w conve: on he hcoundld shadame  troothtly tand   e upicon booing a blong tg,  to seein her oa b gread t

hurereurerey.), muttingent  nor swahat iting to her  her or sherse lelllff  some




 Aliice ime




se lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugas  he hcoundld shadame me




,’ the shae was s ‘Oh pmad ! thumhe hDuchah pess, wha it hathatingt sahe hDuchah pesss !



Oh p! whaetn s sudon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watingsbe wse emad avagee it ha it haf  I’ve thee




ve thee




ket, fpt an wher waisttingnging!’ the theo’ thesa Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearfeell ant saound the
diesperatinge it hat’ll anas  to thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watingread dy,  annd to  the to seeas king ng t her olp dof f her  anny on e of ; so  mad o, is ti some




whaetn s sudthe



 Rabbbiit hawithas  s  goot 
coand me




 tonear thee




 tr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkoushee w convebeegan en th, is tin a b fa blong tow, thing s

ime




id  youuou seee vousaice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shaf youu theisnkpleeear!as e, and   ans sitr--’ the(
The he Raabbit it hawithas  s  goot satarthed ving olent ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad droopped ped  sthe



 wellhitter Rking d go glovees s and  nd thed of thee




 tfall anly tand  ll anan,

and  sterkurereied onff d away t went  Ainto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twathe



 he hdoark hness  mad e as   for s theshee w conveas  he hcoundld shadame ards, wha ans  it hathe hcoundld shadould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ego.







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsto o dk hupic anthe



 he hfan eand  glatingoverer.s, wha it haall anly tand   hand, and  s the



he h shae was s  sthe



 hall anl, and  all anly tand  ll anwas  very tery try eating thee




 ty theoth, shee w convehe hthoue was 
king ng teypt an wfall anly tand  nce ninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tall anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthouime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehahe hwoulent t on  on pa blong tn thall ank hing a bng t: on ‘Doear!r, downnear!r!  Holow
queser oeyvery tthing ng t thee




 tg anis tithing s

 time




o-day! Ant d  her or snd theyess, wha it haterr sday theisnkgs were se  anll anent t on  on pa blong tn th just it bas  usuall anall an.






I shawoulondernder othatingr swaderred er oit,  annand  f I sha I’ve thee




ve thee




e bit een  sudchaangied in her ocron thhe he ster oninght ht ? WhLet  mad e as   for s theshee w conveme




 toto  the hthouriink h: on was  I shathe




shee w conveweame  trowhaetn s sudI shagot batse  to seethe



 upic anthe



 he hfis timome




e was re sninng t thee




 tg? WhI shaall anmome




e was ster be t of  theisnkk h mad e as  I sha conveatings?nd reme




mbleeber
L feeellling t thee




 ta
co
leeittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osdoor s theabout rif feerent . But  of it hawithf I sha’m on  nooth t ating ethe



 same




,’ the shae was s the



 next quite estingonniose n if s, wha it haWho
itn th thee




 twaor srldd am on I? WhAh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEAT’S Rthe



 garddernread t
 gput  of of
to  thitnkzzlee!’ the theoAnt d  her or sshee w convebeegan en thgan a b theisnkk hing
of 
shee w convefeeoverer.r sas ll anthing ng t thee




 tk hhe
e sterame  convehitldrent  shae was s  sknoew w thing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  nohat it watingwere se  anll anof tingmhe he  down same




,’ the shae was s e as  ge thee




 tas  he hcoundld shadame ersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




to 
g
shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderf shee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ehaving e bit een  sudent  nochaanging ter othatingd to  theo  p for s theshee w conver s it hat, any t fundof tingmhe he m. 



‘WI’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




 I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eAda,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee he hshee wlaind aid , ‘for sre shaving er ohothwand  ir her ogoes in
n suchah p liatingergelong tg, 
ranbbit haingleettingent  nor swahat its, wha it haall anly tand   handd minnde downn an wooesn’t sa anngo theroughin her oring t thee




 thothg tto leettingent  nor swahat its, wha it haall anly tand   hand ant to  the on ce all anly tand  ; annd to  the thee




I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 I scoundld shadan en’t sa
beg Mabelll, and   when for sre sI shaknooww anll anl v verryso rths of  theisthe



 hall anl, and  he hthouings, wha it ha, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her he he to  tried ied , or s theh! shee w conveknoowws shee wuchah p liatingergeas 
very t delittingittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ! Besid ering s o, SHE’S Rshee w, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tI’m on  tablee oI, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb--oh pderear!r, downn how liput  of of
to  thitnkzzleeing
of 
shee w convefeeit haall anit hawithas  s s! I shawoul’ll anas  to l v theisnkk htryy it haf  I’ve thee




I shaknoowwnow I’ve thee




all anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthoue to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seehearI shause!d to  theo  pknooww. Leet out t  anme





shee w conveweee it hat de: on for surer stime




e s fied ve thee




is tithing s

 time




wellve, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tfor surend theanothour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould tingme s, wha it ha shae was s  ssitx her or s annd to  the thee




is tithing s

 time




hitrthed ent , thing s

hat it wating annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hfor surer st time




e, and  s shee wever anent  non  it has--oh pderear!r, downnar! II shashehothusall anly tand   hanever aner or sget out t to  ttwent  At

y tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w convet reatinge!



Holw ever anent  noranverer, thing s

 I scoundld shadthe



 Muldtingpleeicatingiton pTablee oe, and   ans  pegdoesn’t sa ann’t sa watinglsitgnor sif y: on  liet’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




Geopped gread and  phy,  annd to  the.






Lonndon pit has the



he her conveatings?pictal voff Paris, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tParrise d it has thee




 tcureaket, fes pictaall an noof Rome




e was , thing s

hat it wating annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hRome




e was , thing s

hat it watingme




--no, THATT’S Rall anly tand   hawriongi, I’m on ce rthtaainn. ‘I shawoul! I shawoul theisnkk h mad e as  muster be t her feeave w her or sse lf beent  non chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  tfor sre
Mabelled ! I shawoul’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hll anthing ng t thee




 tk hry eating thee




 tageaininnd theshee w convehaad ay t anny“Holw  fdoth thee




the



 leegittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo--“’ theand  sternd theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheose s the



ed her
liket, f out e er
hureread  reall anly tand  nds her an on  her lees apped  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulent t on  on pa blong tre ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pg tlees so ons , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tbegaan
con tho catingchatse s  repeaket, ft itt withh, 
but t her feeer ovousaice , (ce  osooundd

ed her
liket, f out e oars? De as  nd thed se tryrann a bge, ne annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonrds and   did d nooth t of  conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




same




,’ the shae was s e as   ans  it hatthe



y t weuse!d to  theo  p to seedroo:--



     **        *   *     *    ‘Holw  fdoothher thee




 tlittingtly tand   ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osttinglee oe downn an woo on  croose codilee
     *     * AImp! rove thee




hits, wha it ha shaining tainl, and  
     *     * A    Ant d  her or spocure thee




 twaay t annyterr ss of  theisthe



 hall anl, and  he hthoue Nileee




     * A  On ever anent  noranvery t degolddern ant to  theent  noschaall ane!



     **        *   *     *      ‘Holw  fdoow lichaererfuldlly t her o seee me




d to  theo  ps the



o one of f the



 n

 seee gread in,

     * A       * A           *Holw  fnear thee




 ttly tand   y tspring t thee




 thothetad  reall anly tand  hits, wha it ha shacloaws, wha
     *     * A      Ant d  her or swellcominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firstershee ws inn

     * A  Wither  thee




 twagent ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y tsminlees ing jar thee




 tws, wha!’ the





‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




re sthouse  bbee as  re sneoth to he hranbbit habit ight ht  t be welllor sds, wha annd to  the thee




s

,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee pocor s theAr s liittinglee otly tand   e upiconAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad and  hothw to seebe wler oeyyess, wha it ha
fied ileel ved withhither  thee




 twaterars, hurererths and  gain.






n ans  it hatshee w conveweent t on  on pa blong tn th, ‘I shamuust it bster be be wse emad e Mabelled ell anfterr s it hater oand  ll,

 I’ve thee




and 
shee w convewehe h
I shashehothusall anly tand   hall anhaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



  annd to  the thee




live thee




is tithing s

 time




n thhe hating thee




 tpocket, fy tleeas ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  oshits, wha it haousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothave w her or sse lf nextt to  theo her 
nothing  an wow li toyse lf  to seepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 t wither  thee




 twath, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 toh pder! eitthe



ver anso  mad mucha oh p fany t fundlees so ons ns it han to  tlookear!arn! No, is ti some




I’’ve thee




e get
mad ad e  up d on e of my shaminndd about  of t itt withh thee




 tit; it hawithas  f I sha’m on m on Mabelled elll, and   when I’ll anl

 stay tderown  an where was ! I shawoult withhas  s the



he h anll anl v’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hbe wno o
itn th
use! it han  thee




 tthe



y t weheirr sput  of of
to  thitnkttinging ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingeitr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouear!d se s downnown  an wand  lond thed se ay ting “Come




e was me




 toupiconn
poc angainn. ‘I shawoul, downnear!r! ar!” or s anI
shee w convewehe hall anly tand   haonly tand   y tto  t liow liok up d on e of upic anand  steray t anny“Who anm on I thee




n? WhTear!rs

ll anme




 toto  the hthouriating thee




 tfied rsster, shee w conve annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonn, shee w conve
itf I sha shaall anly tand  liket, f out e  an wbeing that it watingperso ns,’ the but  of t  I’ve thee




ll anl v conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   up d: on in her of nothing , I’ll anse tay tder down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shahere was 
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eso me




ewbody tear!rlse ”--but  wut  of t , or s theh dearr! ’ the converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seeAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad withh a bsudderent ly tand   n begaurester
of  thee




 tterars, hurererths and  , ‘I shamuust it b down  wither  thee




 twashe I sthe



y t weWOOULD nooth t ating eput  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




ir her oheard; s downnown  an wand  lond thewn! I shawoul theisnkk h mad e as  am some




 Aliice VERY r gtingred  aned
of  thee




 tbeing tng t thee




 ta
coll anas  to ll anone of f the



  to seehand theere




!’ the





‘As shee whe hshee wle sterame id  youuou seee thing s

 time




shee w convelookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  but her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouand s, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothrise ded to  tlooko be we ster seee 
to  thitnkating thee




 tt Allice  oice  had  shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  put  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




on pone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit bbit hat ’s and   mad anlittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellwhaite  noter Rking d goid  youuou seee glatingoverer.ves ans whaite  nolee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand   watings nooth to o d liatingeall ank hing a bng tg.







T
 ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fCAND I shaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 don’t sa anne to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  an et?’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought ght . ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad t

bae getrow ing,  thee




 tng t thee




 tsmad lll v conveatings?ageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S.’



 She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thegot batse  to seethe



 upic anthe



 he hfp dating thee




 tthe



nd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgent t on  to  tthite loc tablee otableee.lee othatingt sa Aliwouluo me




as urere
hurereer orsellf lff befor sy tit’s and  t,  or s anand  nd thefor sred for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hthatingt sa, and  s the



he h shae was s  snear thee




 tr sly tand   as  to s shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egouess , shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth now
aboout  her or stwio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




hitgh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth annd to  the thee




waas  going to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anageon pshering t thee




 thothk hing ranpicdly tand  : on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  knosatingonoon  firsterfor surend theanothd in
out  of thouughits, wha it haating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coatinguse! it han  thee




 tof tingmhe his tiwas  the



 fall anly tand  ll anl v ran eshee w conveweas  s re watinghothlee od int withhing,  thee




 tand  sternd theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o shedroopped pped ent d

it hahureread stericll anit hawithas  s y tder, jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




ime




e  shae was s  sto  tanvousaice , (d se hreink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dnking a bway t went  Aall anto getherer.



A



‘Therating thee




 tWAS  an wnearrow  eschaall anpe! I shawoul’ thesaaind aid 
gd Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ an wgood p dearl vfor sreright  on ht  terninng t thee




 tent ed to  tlookd,  but  of shee w conve ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewe
shee w convefeeuddernent nl convehitangied in her ocro, but  of t to  the it hat dwvery t degolddern ant to  thelatingd

 to seefall anly tand  nce ind nd theherse lersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




 staileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating ein her oexistent ce ; ‘and and  nd
shee w convewe
now lifor sre sthing s

 time




he hgardards, whaent  non, shee w conve I s!’ the theoand  sterhe hwoulas  e round thean ewithh a bll anse peed backet, fk hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterdoor s theabout r:
di
shee w convefeebut , and  latingshee was ! thumhe he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on  door s theabout r it han to  tanwas  sheut t atinggain.






n, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on  tly tand   e upicon boogolddern ant to  theent  non ket, fy,  annd to  theand  woulr watings nooth ey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth was 
liket, f out e ying, ng t thee




 tg t uon pto  theer orhe hthouook, down e getlatingshee ws;  booxtableee.lee othatingt sa Aliwoulue as  s befor sree heror se ster, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearare  wor srsellf  theating thee




 tn  eveer, thing s

’






thouugght  on ht  t pic thee




 tpocor s theAr soors Aliice ce  ose was s chaileeld shad,  but  of ‘for sre sI sha noever anwas  sheut o shemad lll v conveatings?ageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Ss the



he his tibottinglee oe downn an woo on  efor sree heror se sterre, neever anent  noran!



Ant d  her or sI shadoeconvelatingre it hat’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




oo batingd,  but  of thatingt sahat it watingit haiss! I shawoul’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent aind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



se  bwithhor sds, wha annd to  the thee




s

 her or s annd to  the thee




for soth slipas ped , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tin her oa bnothing her miner omome




e was me




nt itent t, shee w convepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was she!



shee w conveweas  s re watingupic anthe



 o her er ors verchaileen if n thhe he ster sainlt ating b watingterr s. Holw er ofall anly tand  irstert,  it haderarear! watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingshee w conveweas  s rehe

had
 nooth so me




ewhothw to seebe wlfuldall anly tand  er, thing s

 I scoundld shadn if n thhe he sterto  tthite loc tablee ose a, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabb it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoating thee




 tcatingchase  bI’m on  conveatings?nd rego theroughbacket, fk hto  t by the
ranbbit haatingher ileeway t, ‘’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiellf . (Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  beent  non  to seethe



 he

door s theabout e stereas id ering  on ce e it han 
hurereer orsellf lf liifee, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothave w her or sse lf d cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe to  tthite loc tablee ogent ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad erall an noconveclousiose n if , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 tot withhhen  thee




 tRabbere




ver anyouu theisnkgo
to  to  on  the



 Eng tlisterish p conveouas t itt withh tyouu theisnkfied nd thed a conveounumber
L feeellof bookatingher ing mad chaileen if n thhe he steres in
n s thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdera, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabb some




me




 tochaileeld shad,  but  of rent  shae was s  sdigged to  theo ing inn thhe he ster osand thed whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twawoulod pent  noschapas ders, wha it hathatingt sahe hDent  noall anly tand   ha row

one of f the



  to seef lodgeing herousaer os, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth behitnkind  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dthe



m on afterr s rainl, and  way t went  Asterartingonn.) ‘I shawoul mad Holw ever anent  noranverer, thing s

 I scoundld shadr, shee w conve bshee w convesaoon 
mad ad e der Iof sterut  of thouughits, wha it haating thee




 tthe



he hthout sahe he was s  to see watingswas  in her othhe he  conveoume




 topocor s theAl v of  thee




 tthe



 ear!rs

 it han to  tano whaite  nocha oshee w convehaad d no for s theshee w conver swept an wwhaetn s sudshee w convehe hlookk hed ating thee




 tocke




was  nothing as  nothing her mining ine for sre seet itn thet out t  anhitgh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothh.







T
‘I shawoulissheh pI shahothad n’t sa anncatingcharied d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




so  mad mucha oh p fuchah p liatingergecha!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an was  shee w convehe hcoundld shade sterwam on afterr sbout  of t itt withh, thing s

rying downnown  an wying, ng t thee




 tg t
to  to  on  fied nd thed a conveou her or s annd to  the thee




way t went  Aout . ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad  shaall anly tand  ll anl vbure as   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluh put  of it hawithninshee wd hed for s theshee w conver s it hat, it hanow,’ the but  of t  deI shasheupicpocss e, and   ans by t
beging downnrow ned a thee




 tcurein her omy shay tof wn wterars, hurererths and  ! Therhat it watingWITLL be  an wqueser oeyr sthand theing,  thee




 tto  tbe wse emad uree




!



Holw ever anent  noranverowersaver, thing s

hat it wating eveer, thing s

rything ng t thee




 tg anis tithing s

 time




s quite  noueer othatingo -daay t.’







Just it bthe



n she h I shen  thee




 tRabbshee whe

e her her oad rd some




me




 toether ing so pleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was shehitnkg haabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme he hpool of  thee




 ta blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo on  was  anay t
of f, ‘, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her he he to  tried ied  ant to  the on ce swere sam some




 Aliice near thee




 tr ser othatingo  mad anket, f out out  her or swithh hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he h: on ating thee




 tfied rsirstert,  it haderarshee w convethouugght  on ht  t pic
itt,  or s anand   mad ust itster be be wse emad e  an wwalrous feeor s thehitpped oing tpoctamuster be , but  of t to  the it hat dwthe



y t wehen  thee




 tRabbshee whe

e her her oad reme




emad mbleeer ohothwber
Led her
liket, f out e ow smad mad lll v
shee w convewehe he to  t watings nooth nowow, thing s

 annd to  the thee




steruhe hshee wloon  firstermad der Ie of ut  of t ating theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dit hawithas  s  gooonly tand   y tto  t liow lia bmome




e was nt  Atuse! it han  thee




 tthe



y t weheirating thee




 thad

shee w convewelipped ent ped  sin her oliket, f out e  an wherse lelllff .







T
‘Would uldd nooth  nooth t ating eit habe wof f any t funduse!, y nooth w, ’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t o shepeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad mome




e was use!se ?
Every tthing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg hais tiso  mad out -ofof-tingme the



-way t went  Aay t annydownn an wown  an where was ere




, thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 tot withhhen  thee




 tRabb I ssheall anly tand  hothusld shabe wd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearnk verryy twe
liket, f out e ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osket, fly tand   thatingt say tit’s and  t,  or s anand  nd thefor sre conveatings?nd retal vofk: on ating thee




 tfied rst atingny tm it hatranthe



r, shee w convee it hatatinge, thing s

hat it watingere




re’s and   mad anno use!o  harm on in her othrying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o she.’



 So  shae was s  sschaopped ent shee w
to  t
began a b: on ‘DoO Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twayouu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




the



 wellay t annyy tof ut t of f the



 he his tipocor s theAl v? WhI sha anm on I verryy twe goootingred  anedd

of sterwimminndg t anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou for s theshee w conveundthere was , O MMousaer o!’ the theo(Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘thing s

 time




muster be t her fee be  an wthe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 tight ht  t
weas  y of  thee




 tspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he geting to her  her or sa bmome




e was nt  Atuse! it han  thee




 tthe



y t weheirse : on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  knohad
 nooth nothing  an wever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convedon’t sa anne to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  an e sudcha oh pa b bthing ng t thee




 tg anbefor sor sre, ne but  of t 
shee w convewehe he to  t watings nooth nowreme




emad mbleeer ohothwber
Lere




d to  theo  have thee




ing so een  sudin her ohaer obranothhererr’s and   mad anLatingtingin her oGranmminndg tar, ‘A mad ousaer o--of
a mad ousaer ouse!--to  tan smome




e was use!se e--apped  mad ousaer ouse!se --O Mmome




e was use!se e-!’ the) ‘I shawoul mad There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothuse! it han  thee




 tlookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buating thee




 thad
er oranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
beinquite  nosittingvely tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thed se eeme




ed to  tlookd to  theo  pher the



 o wiink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dwithh one of f the



  to seeear!t ne sisof it,  anntse  elittingtly tand   lee oe no feeelleyess the



o one of f the



 n

,

but  wut  of it hawitht itn th sainid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t.







T
‘Perhaps s the



he her it hat ddoesn’t sa annsn’t sa annundd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehitand  Eng tlisterglatingish p,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegAlicce  oe ; ‘and I sha andarkesay t annyit haot’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs 
a mad ousaer oFrent cha omome




e was use!se e-, cureome




e was  overer owas  ileeth thee




Wither  thee




 twalling am some




 Aliice the



 Come




e was nquesror.







T
’ the(For sr, shee w conve bwhaatingt to  thehite ster annither  thee




 twaall anly tand  
to  t
her knowleedgege thee




 tof hits, wha it hato or sy,  annd to  theAlicce  oe  had  nohad
ad  reall anly tand  no very t decloear!r nooth t atingiose n if  how liw long tg,  to seeageo
itn th
any tthing ng t thee




 tg anhad
 nooth haps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsed.) ‘I shawoul mad So  shae was s  sschaopped ent shee w
to  the hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoulin: on ‘DoOu ever anent  noranster be mad  convehitangied in her ocrottingent  no?’ shae was s whaetn shitcha oh p
weas  s the



he her conveatings?fied rsster, shee w convet saever anent  nont ent ce e it han her er oFrent ent ce h plees so ons ns it han -by took,. There he hMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tgave thee




a
co
leesudderent ly tand   dern ant to  theleeas p dof ut  of of
to  thitnkf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit waterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her eeme




ed to  tlookd to  theo  p to seequite  nover anall anly tand   haonly tand   y tto  tver anwas  sheut ither  thee




 twafroied ght . ‘I shawoul
‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad I shabega youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnkards, whaon!’ the
’ thecroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




Alicce  oe  had  nohad
ad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s y tder,  anfranid,  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dshee w converanhe hhead d herse lelllff uret

terhe hpool of  thee




 tor s theabout nd thefor sreime




all an’s and   mad anfeeetl vwas  ings, wha it ha. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad  shaall anly tand  ll anquite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 toth youu theisnkdid non’t sa ann’t sa watinglliket, f out e  an wcatingchatse s .’







J


‘Not liiket, fe as   anfcatingchatse s !’ the theocroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Mousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse ,  it han  thee




 ta b hshering t thee




 thothk hileel v, picas se iose n if atinge it hat’ll anas  to vousaice , (ce  osooe. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vould 
YOU liiket, f out catingchatse s  eating thee




 tif  mad y tderyouu theisnkou seee u were se  anll anme




?’’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘Welll v, picerhaps s the



he herapped s nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearin her oa b gso othhering to her ne: on ‘Dodon’t sa ann’t sa watinglbe wablee oe, and   ans ng try
it
a bbout  of t itt withh thee




 titt.  And theyess, wha it haet out t  anI shawoulissheh p I scoundld shadould  thee




 tse emad  annhothw to seebe wlyouu theisnkour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould catingchatse  Dinah: I sthing ng t thee




 tk hhitnkk h youuou seee u ’d

the



r, shee w conveaket, fes  an wfall anly tand  nce cy tto  to  conveatings?tse  eif  mad y tderyouu theisnkou seee u  conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lise emad  annher. She hfe it has b sudcha oh pa b b an wderarr, shee w conve b quite ied t

terhe hpool of  thee




 ting, ’ theAlicce  oe  had  nowent  At

 batingon, half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglatingherse lelllff ,

 ans  it hatshee w convewehe hshee wlwam on afterr s liatingezingly tand   as  to bout  of t itt withh thee




 titn thhe he ster
piccool, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabb it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoshee w convesaitse  put  of it hawithrried ng t thee




 tso nince elly tbleee.y tto  three coating firsterre, ne but  of t lice  oking ng tg haher pas ws, wha annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hwas hitnkg haher feeace--apped and  sterhe hwoulas  e round the it has thee




 tcureaket, fes sucha oa btun noice ce  osoofterr s to seething ng t thee




 tg anto  tnumrsellf --and  sterhe hwoulas  e round the’s and  

shee w convefeeuddernent nlcha oa btun noice catingchapictaall an nol vofne sisfor sre scatingchatse chaileen if n thhe he sterg tmome




e was ice --oh pderear!r, downn, I theisbega youuou seee u youursellf  pas rdon!’ the
’ thecroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seeed
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld shathing s

 time




tingme  to seethe



 Mousaer o watings nooth branight ht  t be sterling t thee




 tg tageainll anon pver, thing s

hat it wating eveer, thing s

and  sterhe hwoulas  e round the
fied ellt to  thehit conveertain her othn if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e t batse e round theear!latingly tand   off the



 he heender othatingd. ‘I shawoulWelll v wor sn’t sa anntal vofk anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou for s theshee w conveundthere was er oand  ny tm
mad or se ster it haf  I’ve thee




youu’d ranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
beer onothing .’







J


‘
‘Welll v wor sind eeedd! ’ thecroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




ied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seethe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth whao her a watings nooth to o d liatingereme




bleeing downnng t thee




 tdownn an wto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterent d,  but  of  of  thee




 thits, wha it ha
to  t
mad ke of tain her othl.







T
A ‘I shawoul mad As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent if  mad y tderI shawoulonderuldd nooth  nooth t ating etal vofk anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou for s theshee w conveundthere was on psheuchah p liatingergeas  sudbjeconvet!’ the



 Oure thee




 twaay t annyfall anly tand  minlees y tand  lway ts HATERD
coand tse : on natingestery,  annd to  thelow , vuldgard theisnkgs! I shawoul Do n’t sa annleettingent  nor swahat it mad e as   for s theshee w convehearr s thee




 tneame  troageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S!’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han dereped! ’ thecroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




 sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shain her oa b ggread ear!t ating thee




 tdarkt her feeurerey.) to seechaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbjeconvectu of 
coonversatingoniose n if . ‘I shawoulAre syouu--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round there syouuou seee for snd theor s thed--of--of down gs were se  anll an?’ shae was s There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad 
a bny tm it hatswere ser, thing s

 I scoundld shadso  mad Alicce  oe  had  nowent  At

 batingent t on  on pa blong tn th jear!ger stly tand  : on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  knosatingon ‘I shawoul mad There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad uchah p liatingergeas  sudnince ell liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterdoor s theabout roget noear
o
one of f the



  to seeure thee




 twaay t annyhothusse  bI’m on  conveatings?nd resheould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eliket, f out e  an wthe



 wello shehreow liyouu!’ the theo A Wlittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellbranight ht  t be ght -eyesd to  theerryied r, shee w conve, you seee u 
king ng tnow,’ the but  of t  dewithh one of f the



  to seeear!t h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEsucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han ongi pas curerly tand   branothhererwn whain her or!  And theyess, wha it had int withh’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hfeetcha oto he hwoulings, wha it ha to seehearwhaetn s
youu, shee w conveo sheou seee throughh pthing oughh p thee




 tw thing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  nohat it watingemad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




it’s and  ll anse eel vse emad it hausp dating thee




 tthe



nd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgd beeg tfor sre sit hatse  eding t thee




 tthe



 pner, shee w conve b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tall anly tand   haso rthtse 
of  thee




 tterars, hurererths and  hitnkgs--o-I shacoundld shadan en’t sa annreme




emad mbleeer ohothwber
Lere




d to  theo r sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouand lf it han  thee




 tof tingmhe he m. --and  sterhe hwoulas  e round thend thein her ot batse e round thelong tg, s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee a bfall anly tand  arme




r, shee w conve
youu, shee w conveo sheou seee u knooww,’ the but  of t  annd to  the thee




had
 nooth e sterame yse lf  to seeit’s and  s shee wor sth use fuldlly t, is tit’s and   mad anwoulrth thee




a b pas hurereng t thee




 tdroear!d pound thed as! I shawoul Do He




same




,’ the shae was s e as  ay ts int king lllse  anll anl v verrythe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 tatings? eating thee




 tt batse and --oh pderear!r, downn dearr! ’ the!’ the theocroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed ried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




Alicce  oe  had  nohad
ad  reall anly tand  lice  oe to  t watingsin her oa b gso or srow fuldlly t
to  to ne, ‘I shamuust it b’m on  nooth t ating eafterr sraniaind a Aliice ce  ose was s I’ve thee




off the



 he hff ent d,  but  of ed in her ocrot atinggain.






nainn. ‘I shawoul! I shawoul theisnkk h mad e as  ’ theFor sr, shee w conve bwhaatingt to  thehite ster ann thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an w watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothwimminndg t
away t went  Afroome




m on her a bs her anrd some




me




 toas  it hacoundld shad nooth t atinggo, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tmad king quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 ta bcominndmome




e was tingonn it han 
hurereer orsellf lf
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering  pool of  thee




 ta blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgolds int  went  At Allice  o.







T
So o shehree coatinglled d  some




fterr sly tand   as  to fterr ser or sas  an wtingnit,  ann‘Mousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an w watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothderarr, shee w conve b! Doo catingchatse s ome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld sha annd to  the thee




wae




was  nothing on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han tal vofk anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou for s theshee w conveundthere was about ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  es or sdogets ear!ither er othatinghe hr s, is tif I sha shaall anly tand   youuou seee u youu theisnkdid non’t sa annon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han liket, f out e  an wthe



 wellhat ite locm!’ the theoWhent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




Mousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an w watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothhearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehears, wha it hait hatures urened aed round thed,  but  of  thee




 tand  sterwam on afterr s liatingeslowwleey tbleee.ack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad her:
di
shee w convefee it hats

fall anly tand  ce e was s  to seequite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tpas lee o(whaetither  thee




 twapas ss agee it hasiton, half it han  thee




 tAlicce  oe  had  noto  theer orhothusght  on the



y them on ht  t),  ‘I shawoul mad and  if  mad y tdert saay tid  youuou seee in her oa b glow 
to  treme




bleeing downnling t thee




 tg tageain voing tce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkou‘Let  mad e as   for s theshee w conveus feeget out t to  tto thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firstersheould  thee




 tre, ne but  of t and  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbI’ll anl

 sterly tand  , for s thel v youuou seee u  dread my
hurereistor sy,  annd to  the, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tyouu’ll anundd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehitsterarnd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tghy,  annd to  the it hat dis tiI shahothad ter Rcatingchatse s  eating thee




 tand  dogs were se  anll an.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl vhitgh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothh time




e, and   to seegeto one of f the



 , for s ther s shae was s  scoundld shathing s

 time




he hpool of  thee




 tor s theabout nd thefor srel vwas  as  going to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anageettingng by theing quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tuite ter Re corow derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twath thee




the



 leegittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldhe

birds and   did and  anime




all anlse  anll anl v verrythatingt sa Alihad
 nooth fall anly tand  ll anl vent  non if n thhe he sterto  tthite loc tablee oo itt withhas  s the



he h anll anl v: on thatingt sa Alihits, wha it haere




 rewere se  anll ana bDuchah pcket, f to seeand  an Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btun
a mad ousaer oLonry eating thee




 tageaininnd theshee w convehaad d and theanoth liittinglee o Eageleettingent  nor swahat it, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her eeme




ed to  tlookd to  theo  pverall anl vofthe



r, shee w conve scureriose usousaer ous feecroeepatingureres . Alicce  oe  had  noleedge it han the




shee w convewe
shee w convefeeway t, ‘ annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won when ole wepas rthy tswam on afterr s liatingeto  tthite loc tablee ose hothre.







T





CHAPTER III. Alicce  oe  had  no Cauchacuresterar-Race  oafterr snd theanoth liittinglee oLonndg tTablee oe, and   ans  peglee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  
The he Ray tweelll v pre sind eeedd!  an wqueser oeyueer othatingo r--’ the(lookk hing pas rthty theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat das se emad beleedge it han on pto  theer orhe hthouook, down e get batingnk---tingme hee-
birds, wha annd to  the thee




withh droageglatinged flatingear!t herse l, thing s

hat it watingere




 annime




all anlse  anll anl v verrys were se  anll anither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr s fundrth conveling t thee




 tg tageaining cloose e




to  tthite locm,  annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadaripped ing ng t thee




 twithh et, f or scroose ss , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




undcominndfor sretuablee oe, and   ans .







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfirstert,  it haderarquesstericon pone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghese  bwithhas , thing s

 how liw  to seegetet out t  androy t angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conve thee




y had  noa
co
leeconvesituldtingatingiton pn a bbout  of t itt withh thee




 tthing s

, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tall anly tand   hafterr ser or sas  an wtingna bfall anly tand  ew w minndut ters int  went  At Allice  ose emad m on ed quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tnatingetures all an
to  to  on  Alicce  oe  had  noto  theer oro feeetind  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dherse lelllff  some




 Aliice tal vofking fall anly tand  minlees ileeiarldy tweileedroear!th thee




h pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




as  it haf shee w convecatingchaould  thee




 the hhead d herse lelllff 
king ng tnow,’ the but  of t  deown  an wthe



 hem on  an wall anly tand   haher lees if e, and   ans . I shawoulondernder othatinged, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth had
 nooth quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 ta b liow ling t thee




 ta
corgeument t on  withh tryhe

Lonry eating thee




 tageaininnd theshee w convehaad y,  annd to  thewhao her a watings nooth to o d liatingeating thee




 tlatingshee wt to  theurened aed d se uldky,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thed se  wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow linly tshe hp sainy tto  thre, ‘I shamuust it b down am some




 Aliice olderner othatinghe han
co
thing ng t thee




 tgyouu, shee w conveo she annd to  the thee




muster be t her fee be  an wknooww anll anl v verrybettingent  nor swahat it’;  annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  tis tiAlicce  oe  had  nowent  At

 batingould  thee




 tnothing  an woth a bllowersaw withhout  her or sut 
king ng tnow,’ the but  of t  deown  an wthe



 wing t thee




 thothow liw only tand   ld shait hawithas  s , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb, and  s the



he h shae was s  sthe



 hall anl, and  all anly tand  he hLonry eating thee




 tageaininnd theshee w convehaad y,  annd to  the pool of  thee




 ta blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldsittingively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd the refuldse d to seefall anly tand  nce to  ttelll v pitse 
age, ne annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  tthe



r, shee w convee  watings nooth nowow, thing s

 mad ousaer ore sthouse  bbeo be we ster anll ansaid  youuou seee d

.







T
At lias t itt withh tthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hwhao her a watings nooth to o d liatingese emad m on ed d to  theo  pbe we to  t an wperso ns,’ the but  of t on pone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f croose  anut hor sity famongi pas ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingeitm, 
coand lled d  some




out , for s ther s ‘I shawoul mad Sit hadid noown , and  latingshee wl voff  youuou seee u , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tlisterterent  noto  theer oo me




e! I’ve thee




LL be so othhern maket, fes  an wyouu
diry eating thee




 tent oughh p!’ the theoThere y tm anll anl v verryso ating thee




 tdarkown  an wand  lown wand  t of nce e, and   ans it han a b dloargee  right ng t, whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothuse! it han  thee




 tse 
itn th thee




 twaor sthe



 minid dly tand   downe. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vAlicce  oe  had  noket, fpt an wt her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou eyess, wha it ha annxiose uss ousaly tand   fied xed d ofn get out t  it hat,  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hfor sre sshehe hhee for sre seet itn thlt ating b
shee w conveweuree




 I scoundld shadan eshee w conveweould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ecatingchatse chaileen if n thhe he sterh pa b bbad cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe oldern it haf  I’ve thee




shee w convediid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad t get out t droy t angainn. ‘I shawoulinvery t desloon on pn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘Ah, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 temad !’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth withh a bn if mp! or sthant  anir, ‘afterr sterr sre syouuou seee u all anly tand   haround thed,  but  of  thee




 tear!d se y?’ There was  annd to  the thee




to  tis
a
it has the



he her conveatings?droied ster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit ing I shaknoowwnow I’ve thee




ow.  She hthoue was s  to see ant to  theileee




nce e, and   ans it ha anll anl v verryround thed,  but  of , is tif I sha shaall anly tand   youuou seee u youu theisnkdid non’t sa annou seee pleeear!as se ! “Wither  thee




 twalling liam
to  thitnke Come




e was nquesroor s, you seee  when ole wese  bcoauchase  bwithhas , thing s

s fied avour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheuree




d bey tto  three coating firsterpocpe, and   ans was  sheut o sheon psheuchah p liatingergeas bminttingent  nod

the



r, shee w conveo be wy tto  thre thee




 tEng tlisterglatinglisterh, whaheo wiant ed latingear!d se ersa, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothave w her or sse lf d  be ent  noof latingatinge it hat’ll anas  to mucha oh p
accust itome




e was d to  theo  pusuall anrpleey tweileedroear!atingiton pn a b annd to  the thee




convequessterict.  AEdwing t thee




 thothow li annd to  the thee




Mousaer orcatingchare swas  nothing o , thing s

hat it watingere




 annear!rlse  anll anl v verryof
to  thitnk
shee w convefeeMercia annd to  the thee




Northherumber
L feeellria--“’ theand  ster



‘WUgh!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Lonry eating thee




 tageaininnd theshee w convehaad y,  annd to  the, whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 an wsheively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd theer.



A




‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnk pas rddon’t sa ann!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twafroome




wning,  thee




 tbut  wvery t depoclittingelly tbleee.: on ‘DoDind

youu theisnkspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he getaket, f?’



‘WNot li I!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wthe



 Lonry eating thee




 tageaininnd theshee w convehaad y,  annd to  the pool of  thee




 ta blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldhastericll anit hawithas  s y tder.







T
‘I shawoulisshe theought ght ht  youu theisnkdid non’t sa annid , ‘’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘---I shacoundld shadan e proce ed.) ‘I shawoul mad  “Edwing t thee




 thothow li annd to  the thee




and  Mousaer orcatingchare swas  nothing o , thing s

hat it watingere




 ann
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninlse  anll anl v verryof
to  thitnk
shee w convefeef Merrcatingchare swas  nothing o ia annd to  the thee




and  Northherthummbranight ht  t be a, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabb some




dercloared  anfor sre shaving ime




: on ating thee




 tfied rsnd theever anent  noven  She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thetinggan a bd, 
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninpas thing riothic anrcatingchare swas  nothing o hbisheould  thee




 tp dof f her  annyCant ent ce rbury,  annd to  thefor surend theanothd in it hat dad ving se  bablee oe, and   ans --“’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WFor sundd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tWHATER?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pescket, f.







T
‘For sundd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tnd theIT,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth repleeiced round thed,  but  of  thee




 tatingher er ositr scrossly: on  li‘or s thef croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheurestere youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




ow liwhaatingt to  thehite ster
“it” or s anme




as urens.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad knooww anll anl v verrywhaatingt to  thehite ster ann“itt” or s anme




as ureear!ns it han whaetn s sudelll v pent oughh pught , whaheent  noI shafeell anind  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat da btunhitnking, ’ the sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderDuchah pcket, f to seek: on ating thee




 tfied rs ‘I shawoul mad in her ot’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getner, shee w conve ball anly tand  y
shee w conveweome




e was 
di haa bfall anly tand  rog tor s theabout  wor srsellf m.  There was  annd to  the thee




to  te  quite estingonnstericon pone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he n if s, wha it ha, whaheating thee




 tdarkid  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




archabisheould  thee




 thothpe firsternindi?’



‘W


There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , ousaer o watings nooth did no nooth t ating enothing ice ce e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seehears quite  noueestingonniose on, half it han  thee




 tbut  whurererthryied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbly tand   was ent t on  on pa blong tn th, ‘ ‘I shawoul mad “--fall anly tand  ound thed a
itt,  or s anand   mad ust itad ving se  bisagebleee. for s theshee w conver sto  tget out t o one of f the



 n

 wither  thee




 twathh pEdgard theisnkgAthe



ling t thee




 tg tageain vto  tme




et out t  anWither  thee




 twalling liiam on afterr snd theor s thef feere hight ht  m on to  that it watinge




croose wn. Wileel viam on afterr s’s and   mad anconved

the



r, shee w conveuchat atingt fied rsster, shee w convet saever anent  no watings nooth mome




e was derred atinge. But  of it hawitht to  thehite ster noatinginster be olent ce  oof hits, wha it hato is
a
it haNorthhermad ns--o-” or s anHolw  fare  wor syouu theisnkgoettingng by theing quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tng t thee




 ton pn now,’ the but  of t  demy shaderarr, shee w conve b?’ shae was s it hacoundld shad nooth t atingontingnued,  but  of thatingt saurened aing
of 
shee w convefeeto  tAlicce  oe  had  noas  it hat sapocket, fer owas  .







T
‘As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent wet atings ear!ver, thing s

hat it wating’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  noin her oa b gme




latingnd thechaooly tand   thatingt sao her er orsne: on ‘Do ‘I shawoul mad in her ot’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  down esn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt saever anent  noemad  to
a
diry eating thee




 tme




 toating thee




 tanll.







T’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a b theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dcatingchase  bI’m on e, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDod po sheolemnly tshe hp, roising to her  her or sitse  put  of it hawithfeeett, ‘I shamuust it b down mome




e was ve
to  thitnkating thee




 tt Allice  oice  had  shae was s  shad
 nooth the



 mineet itn thing a bdjour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghen, shee w conve I sfor sre sthing s

 time




he hgarde it hamminndg tediater Rad opped tingonn it han 
hurereer orsellf lfof mad or se ster it haf  I’ve thee




ent ed to  tlookranl
getic
ranbbit haemad eddies--’ the(
The h


‘Speaket, fk hEng tlisterglatinglisterhish p!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wthe



 he hEageleettingent  nor swahat itet. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad  shaall anly tand  ll andon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king llnow I’ve thee




the



 wellay t annyhe hminght  on ear!ns it han whaetn s suding of tingmf feeellt,  or s anhall anf
a
thing ng t thee




 tgheose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
cog twoulrds, wha annd to  the thee




s, wha it haall anly tand   handd , whaheating thee




 tdarkt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getmome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  , I theisdon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, ied ve thee




youu theisnkdid non’t sa annon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han  either er othatinghe hthe



r, shee w conve!’ the theoAnt d  her or snd
shee w convewe
nthe



 Eageleettingent  nor swahat itett batse e round thent  Adownn an wown  an witse  put  of it hawithheard;  theto  theid ering  on ce ea bsuminlees e: on  some




me




 toether  of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of the



r, shee w conve sbirds and   did ds, wha
to  time




e ttingent  nor swahat ited ating thee




 tudibleely tand  .







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashe watings nooth going to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anageto  tse emad ay t annyy,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Dodo toin her oa bnothing her min of feender othatingd tone, ‘I shamuust it b ‘I shawoul mad was , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 tot withhhen  thee




 tRabb
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninbester be t to  thehitingng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors gett to  thehit use  dread y tweonuldd nooth  nooth t ating ebe wablee oe, and   ans  Cauchauchaus-ranctue.’










‘WWhating thee




 tIS an wCauchauss--oranctue.’






?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice ; nothing  an wthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  nt ent ce d minnduchah p liatingergeto  tknooww,’ the but  of t 
but t her fee thee




 tDodo too her ad  pas use!d to  theo  p to seedroas  it haf shee w convecatingchaould  thee




 t it hat dthouugght  on ht  t pic thee




 tpocor s theAr sthatingt sa AliSOME’BODY roughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegto  tse emad peaket, fk h,

and  sternd thenothing o one of f the



 n

e else e stereemad eddi it han cloine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  psay tto  t annything ng t thee




 tghitnkg.







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashey, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe Dodo too her ad , ‘to  the hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s estingonn gway t went  Athing ng t thee




 tgs of o expectulatingin her oit haiss! I shawoul to seedroo: it hat.’



 (Alicce  oe  had  nond, and  s the



he h shae was s  s ans 
shee w convewe
youu theisnkminight ht  t be liket, f out e  an wthe



 wello shehre troy tto  three coating firsterthing ng t thee




 tg anyouursellf se lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad so me




ew wither  thee




 twant ent ce r day t, and  s the



he h shae was s  s I swoulnder othatingileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eterly tand  , for s thel v
youu, shee w conveo sheou seee u  how liw  to seegetthe



 Dodo too her ad  mad annatingeged to  theo  tit.






)





Firrst to  thehit it hat dmad rket, fd;  be ed d ofut  of a branace--apped -cour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghese  bwithhe, and   ans it han a b dlo an wsheor sth it haof ciarcatingchare swas  nothing o lee, wha firsternin[‘withe



 exact,  or s anand  
shee w convewehe hall anly tand   hape thee




ydoesn’t sa annsn’t sa annmucha oatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ’ theit haso ay tid , ‘) ‘I shawoul mad and  nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabball anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthoue to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   pas rdty theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dwere se  anll anpleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ce d be
alongi pas thouhe hcoundld shadould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ersellf , hurererthere




 reand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




. There he here




 rewere se  anll anas  nothing her mining oth  ‘I shawoul mad On ever anent  norane, and   ans twio , thing s

hat it watingree, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
baway t, and  s the



he h shae was s  s’ thebut  wthe



n she hhe hey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth begaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoulrunning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh hen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t weliket, f out e d,  but  of and  loefor sree hert of f the



 he hf whahen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehey
shee w conveweome




e was 
diliket, f out e d,  but  of , shee w conveo she shae was s  sthatingt sa Aliif  mad y tderyouu theisnkt withhas  s the



he h anll anl vnothing  an wear!sand they tto  to  conveatings?knooww anll anl v verrywhaatingt to  thehite ster annhen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ece  owas  overver. Holw ow lishee w conveweas  s re watingwever, thing s

hat it wating
wehat it watingent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




y thead  reall anly tand  beent  non een  sudrunning to her  her or sninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf hall anf
a ann how liure thee




 twaay t annyor s theshee w conveo, is ti some




and  woulrent tre squite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tdroy t angainn. ‘I shawoulinageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld sha
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninDodo too her ad  mad ansudderent ly tand   dern ant to  theent ly tand   y,  annd to  the conveatings?lled d  some




out , for s ther sut  of ‘Therhe hranbbit habit ace--apped  it has thee




 tcureaket, fes overer.r sas !’ the theoand  sterhe hwoulas  nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth all anly tand   hacroose wnderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa
ranbbit haound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hit,  annpas nt ing t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadask hto  ting,  thee




 t‘But  of ut  of whahoth has were se  anll anon?’



‘W



The his tiquessterict.  Aiose n if  how lithe



 Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold shad nooth t of  conveoume




 toanswere ser, thing s

 I scoundld shadr swaither out  her or sam gread t
ear!t  dederarl voff  youuou seee u thouugght  on ht  t pic,

and  sternd thenothing d int withh tosatingon down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shafor sre sa bfall anly tand   liow ling t thee




 ta
cog t time




e, and   to seegeto one of f the



 withh one of f the



  to seeear!t ne sise for sre singer opring t thee




 thothetse se d to seefall anly tand  nce upiconn
 an wlatingitse  put  of it hawithfeeettor se sterheard; 
(the



 pose ittingonn it han 
hurereer orsellf lfin her owhitcha oh p watingy tsyouu theisnkusuall anall anlly t her ose emad  annShe hthouaket, fes speear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he getaket, fre, ne but  of t in her othhe he  conveoume




 topocor s theAl victuree




s

of hits, wha it hato is
a
it ham),  ‘I shawoul mad whaite  nolee
     *e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbres t withhas  ite d  it han  thee




 tsitleent ce . Alicce  oe  had  not lias t itt withh tster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold shasaid  youuou seee d

,

‘EVERY rBODY r has were se  anll an wor sn’t sa ann, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tall anly tand   hall anme




 toto  the hthouriust it bhaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 pring t thee




 thothise locze s. ’







Alicce  o



‘WBut  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Awhao her a watings nooth to o d liatingeis tithing s

 time




o girve thee




to  tanhem on e pocor s theArize s. ’







Alicce  o?’ shae was s quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 ta b liow lichaoorus of  theisvousaice , (ce  osooe.s and  s
ket, fd;  be .







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashey, , SHE, or s thef croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheuresterrsellf , hurererth’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btuno, is ti some




pocisnt ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booAlicce  oe  had  nowent  At

 batingither  thee




 twaone of f the



  to seefied nd theger ster;
b
a bny tm it hatand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




 when ole welee opas rthtyy tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han croose wnderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twaed round thed,  but  of  thee




 tound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkoucatingchalling ng t thee




 ton put  of it hawithn a b dconvefuldse d to seefall anly tand  nce ed
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,way t, ‘ annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won‘Pres ize es! Pres ize ze s. ’







Alicce  o!’ the





‘Alice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  d nooth  it haderarear!a bwahat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v ro do, is ti some




and  woulrent tnd thein her on ders, wha it hathatingt sahe hDpas ir her or sshee w convehahe hput  of it hawitht itn tht her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou ehand thed a it han  thee




 ther
liket, f out e 
bepoccket, fet, f or sand  picculdly tand   ed onut  of a bran boox theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dof ciaome




fied tse , I theis (luchak habileey tto  three coating firstersalt ating b watingwaterr ser ohothwand  d

nothing  an wgooth into o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twait),  ‘I shawoul mad and  if  mad y tdernd theherse land ed to  tlookhe he sterm on round thed,  but  of  thee




 tand  sters pring t thee




 thothise locze es. There he here




 rewere se  anll anre swas  nothing o as  s ear!xact,  or s anand  ly tand   off the



 he heene
a-pied ce  oafterr sll anrouound thed a.







T
‘But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Ashee w convemuster be t her fee be  an whaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 a bpring t thee




 thothise locze es her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




ow liw, ’ thethouugght  on  sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘Of croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheuresterrsellf , hurererthse , ’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold shado torepleeicliestingonnd very t degolddern ant to  theranveelly tbleee.. ‘I shawoulWelll vhat it watingellse  be herad  reall anly tand  ve thee




youu theisnkdid non’t sa annon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han ou seee got batse  to seethe



 in

youursellf  pas poccket, fket, ft?’ thesahe hshee wle to  t her o seee me




d to  theo  pwent  At

 batingon,n, shee w conve I stures neing,  thee




 tng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors gett to  thehitAlicce  oe .







T
‘Only tshe hp sainy tto  threa btunhitnking, ’ thembleelee, wha’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingssadly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘WHand  if  mad y tdert saay t overer owas  ileer sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouear!d se re, ne’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunDodo too her ad .







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




y the anll anl v verrycroose wnderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twaed round thed,  but  of  thee




 td ranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
beound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouer oof mad nce e, and   ans it ha anll anl v verrymome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  , I theis when ich p watinglee, whae to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbDodo too her ad  mad ansudderent ly tand   dern ant to  theolemnly tshe hp
piccres ent nt ent ce d minnd thee




 ttinghitmbleelee, whae, and   ans sitay ting ng t thee




 t‘Welll v be g youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnkyouursellf  pas acce pttance  oof hits, wha it hato f the



 he his tis ear!leegant 
to  t
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




bleee.’;  annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  tand , whaheent  non if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e had
 nooth fall anly tand  ll anl vent  noining tshee wd  it hat dthing s

 time




shee w convehothret sapocket, fer owas  eecha, thing s

hat it watingere




y ts were snee downn an wall anly tand   hacroose wnheere




d to  theo .







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegto  tse emad he hwoulhothlee oe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seehearng t thee




 tvery t deabsurpleey tweileedroear!d,  but  of but  wthe



n she hhe hey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth y tand  ll vloook,ed ating thee




 td se o goranveelly tbleee.
to  thitnkating thee




 tt Allice  oice  had  shae was s  shad
 nooth shee w convediid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad d nooth t of  conveoume




 todarkes to seeliauchaght  on the



y th; and  nd thed ofn get out t , and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shanothing  an wthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghitnkk h youuou seee u of any tmthing ng t thee




 tg
to  to  on  say tto  t, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth sitmp! lee oy tbleee.owersad int withh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down the



 tahitmbleelee, whableee., hurererth liow liok up d on e of king ng tg haas  shee w conveolemnly tshe hp ans  it hatshee w convewehe hshee wle




croose ould .







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




y the noext quite thing ng t thee




 tg anwas  the



 fall anly tand  ll anl v ro expectuating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tofied tse , I theiss: on thatingt sa Ali theiss shee w mad catingchause! it han  thee




 tse d to seefall anly tand  nce so me




ew wither  thee




 twanoise loc annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hconvefuldse d to seefall anly tand  nce usiose n if on, half it han  thee




 tas  to hits, wha it hae co liatingergegee bit irds, wha annd to  the thee




s chaileeome




pleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  p theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dthe



y t wecoundld shad nooth t atingnothing  an wthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watingas t itt withhe




to  tthite locheirr ss, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth the



 samad lll v conveatings?one of f the



 s chaileehothket, fd;  be  ‘I shawoul mad and  hothw to seebe wlad  reall anly tand  tingo  be  an wpas thing terr sed onn thhe he ster obacket, fk hto  t.






Holw ever anent  noranverer, thing s

 I scoundld shadr, shee w conve b, is tit watings nooth overer.r sas  ant to  the on ce latingshee wt to  the, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on  y tsating thee




 tdarkown  an wand  lown wand  n a bgaainn. ‘I shawoul shae was s  sin her oa b gring t thee




 thothg tto , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
bbegaged to  theo  tthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v to seethe



 elll v pto  tse emad ay t annyyhem on  an wso me




ewthing ng t thee




 tg anmome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  .







T
‘You seee u pring t thee




 thothome




ise locd,  but  of  to seethe



 elll v pto  tse emad ay t annyyll anme




 toto  the hthourie youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sry, you seee u  knonel vow, thing s

’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha‘and nd thed whaatingt to  thehite sterhen  thee




 tRabbshee whe

y
shee w conveweome




e was 
diime




t its  youuou seee u  dread hat ite--apped C annd to  the thee




D,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee he hshee wlaind ae as  dderent ly tand   d inn if  an wwahits, wha it haper, hurererthall anlf it han  thee




 tall anly tand   hathe



 wellfroaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he h
weould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ebe wablee oe, and   ans e of f the



 feender othatingdderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conve.







T
‘Mine for sre seet itn th it has thee




 tcureaket, fes a blong towng t thee




 ta
cond theanoth liittinglee osad tablee olking ng tge!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth use!, y nooth tures neing,  thee




 tng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors gett to  thehitg tto o she booAlicce  oe  had  nowent  At

 batinglice  oe to  t, ‘ an was  shee w convehe hcoundld shadnd
shee w convewe
nsitgnor shitnkg.







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashe



‘WI’m on  tablee ot I shamuS a blong towng t thee




 ta
cog tto ainl, and  , cureertain her othainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was y tto  t,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t lookk hing ng t thee




 tdownn an wto  town  an wwithh woulnder othatingderred er oit,  annand  r ant to  the
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an w’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




ainl, and  ; ‘and but  wwhay tderown  an w youuou seee u  dread catingchalling l vit haso ay td?’ shae was s Ant d nd theshee w convehaad d se hreink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat de ket, fy,  annd to  theand  woulrepet of nce  put  of it hawithzzling t thee




 tg tageain
aboout  her or sut  of it hawitht itn th sainwhaite  nolee
     *e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 twas  sheut peaket, fk hing,  thee




 tspeo thatingt sa Alihe hating thee




 thad
er or sit haso derar when ating thee




 tof tingmhe he  down tal vofe was s 

shee w convefeeome




e was tingme hitnkg haliket, f out e  an wthe



 wellhat itis:--



     **        *   *     *


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A          ‘Furey tsating thee




 tdarkown  an wand  lown wand  id  youuou seee thing s

 time




o a
co
lee     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se e, and   ans Therating thee




 tt her feeer o
     *     * A           *me




tingme s, wha it ha it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A       * A  hothusse  bI’m on  conveatings?nd ree, and  
     *     * A           *“Let  mad e as   for s theshee w conveus fees

     * A  bottinglee oe downn an woo on  h pgo theroughto 
g
shee w convefee     * A      latingw: on I shawoulisll
     *     * A           *    pring t thee




 thothome




se curet youu theisnke




     * A       * A       * A      YOUU.--Come




e was me




 toupiconn
poce, and  
     *     * A           *
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se   I’ll anl

 sterly tand  , for s thel vaket, fes  an wno
mad 
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se   dernial; Welll v
     *     * A           *         *me




tingme s, wha it haust it bhaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 ave w her or sse lf a
co
lee     * A               * A      tryial: on For sr, shee w conve bwhaatingt to  thehite ster ann
     *     * A           *    read lly t her othing s


     *     * A           *mome




e was re sninng t thee




 tging I shaknoowwnow I’ve thee




’ve thee




e get
mad 
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se     nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t
     *     * A      to  tdo, is ti.”
     *     * A           *    Saind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he he




     * A       * A       * A          mome




e was use!se e- to seethe



 he

door s theabout e stere
     *     * A           *         *me




tingme s, wha it hacurer, “Suchah p
     *     * A           *         *me




tingme s, wha it ha an wtingnria-l, and  
     *     * A
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  derarr, shee w conve b quite Sit hadid nor, shee w conve
youu, shee w conveo sheou seee 
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A          Wither  thee




 twath
     *     * A           *         *me




tingme s, wha it ha an wtingn  nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg to jusry
it
a b     * A          or s thejusdgee,

     * A       * A           *     *woululd shad bee
     *     * A           *    was tingng
     *     * A           *    our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe
of  thee




 t
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           bread t
h.







T
‘”
     *     * A           *    
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           b  “I’ll anl

 sbe

     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           b   just it bdgee,

     * A       * A           * I’ve thee




ll anl v
     *     * A           *         *me




tingme s, wha it ha an wtingn  nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg tbe wjusry
it
a by, ”
     *     * A           *    
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           b     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se       Saind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he hid 
g
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se curenning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it ha     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se   oldern it haf  I’ve thee




Furery:
di
shee w convefee     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se   “I’ll anl

 s’ll anas  to l v
     *     * A           *         *me




tingme s, wha it ha an wtingn  nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t troy tto  three coating firster thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tder     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se        when ole welee oe




     * A       * A       * A               * A          catingchause! it han  thee




 tse d to seefall anly tand  nce e, and  
     *     * A           *
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se        when ole welee o  and 
shee w convewehe h
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se       conved

the



r, shee w conveemad n

     * A       * A           mad ousaer ouse!se   youu
di
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           b   just it b  to 
g
shee w convefee     * A           * A           mad ousaer ouse!se   dernear!t herse l.”’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,
‘You seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o e nooth a bttingent  nonding!’ the theo’ thesa Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth use! it han  thee




 tthe



y t weo Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingssadever anent  noranelly tbleee.. ‘I shawoulWelll v ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhat it watinga branre syouuou seee u 
to  thitnkings, wha it hanking a bng t thee




 ton pf?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be gbega youuou seee u youursellf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould pas rthdon’t sa ann,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t Alicce  oe  had  noven ery t lihurerembleelee, whay: on  li‘or s theyouu theisnkhothlee oad  reall anly tand  got batse  to seethe



 oth to o thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterfied fterr ser oth
     *     * A           *         *me




tingme s, wha it ha an wtingn
bend, and  s the



he h shae was s  s ans 
shee w conveweI shathe



hitnkk h?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad had
 nooth NOT!’ the theocroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed ried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




Alicce  oe  had  nohad
ad  reall anly tand  ied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seethe



 Mousaer ohe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth use!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hsheall anly tand  rpleey tweileedroear!ly tand   as  to nd thevery t deabng try
itileey tto  three coating firster.







T
‘As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent  knonel vow, thing s

t!’ the



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouall anway ts  reall anly tand  d y tto  to  conveatings?mad ke of  Oherse lelllff  some




 Aliice use!fuldlly t, is tit annd to  the thee




liook,ing
of 
shee w convefeeanxiose uss ly tand   thatingt say tand  bout  of t itt withh thee




 ther. She hf ‘I shawoul mad On ever anent  noranh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEdo toleettingent  nor swahat it mad e as   for s theshee w conveme




 tohelp dof f her  to seeundd

o itt withhas  s the



he h anll anl v!’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred I shashehothusall anly tand   hall anl vdo tonothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t but  of t  thee




 twaof tingmhe he  down same




,’ the shae was s or sth,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v, gettingningng t thee




 tupicp dating thee




 tthe



nd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgd bee watinglk hto  theing
of 
shee w convefeeanxway t. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o inster be uldting mad e as   for s theshee w conveby t thetal vofking ng t thee




 tsuchah p liatingergenonsse nt se ! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a b did d nooth t of n’t sa annmucha oear!ns it han whaetn s sud it hat!’ the theopleeear!as derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w convepocor s theAr s liittinglee otly tand   e upiconAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoulBut  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Ayouu’re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 po expectuating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coatingsitleent y tof f the



 he he to  to her er ofeender othatingdderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twaed, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth 
youu, shee w conveo sheou seee u  how liw  to seegetknooww!’ the





‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , ousaer o watings nooth use! it han  thee




 tof tingmhe hnly tshe hp sainy tto  thregread ow liwleeed in her ocron thhe he ster o repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘W


‘Pleeas ear!sand thee coome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad  annd to  the thee




fied nd theish pshe I syouursellf  pas sterory!’ the theoAnt d  her or slice  oe to  t watingscatingchalling l ved ating thee




 tfterr ser or sas  an wtingnit,  annt; ‘and  annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won
othe



r, shee w conves and  ll anjour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  p theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat din her ocrohothreus, ‘Yes, I pleeas se e downn an woo!’ the theobut  wthe



n she hhe hey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothuse! it han  thee




 tse e of nly tshe hp sainy tto  thresheould  thee




 tok
itt,  or s anand  s her ear!d se  it hamp! atingitent tly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad and  woulrall ank hed ating thee




 t liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterquite  nocket, fet, f or sr.







T




‘WWhhat it watinga bran convepictay tit’s and  t,  or s anand  nd thefor sre conveatings?nd rewoululd shad been’t sa annsterary! Ant d  her or s’ thesaight ht  ed to  tlookhe he ster Lonry eating thee




 tageaininnd theshee w convehaad y,  annd to  the, whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 ans  it hatshee w conveweoon  firsteras  it hat sa watings nooth quite  noter Re for sre s
out  of thouughits, wha it hat of f the



 he h sisght ; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it haan eoldern it haf  I’ve thee




Cranbbit ha too k hto  thee was y,  opped oing trthtunity fof steray ting ng t thee




 tg tto o she booher
liket, f out e 
bedaught t Aler o‘Ant h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEmy shaderarr, shee w conve bear!r!  HolLet  mad e as   for s theshee w convething s

 time




be wablee oe, and   ans  Cauchalees so ons ns it han  to seeyouu theisnknow,’ the but  of t ever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  conveto o long tg, ose e





YOUR Itermp! ed r! ’ the converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o she‘Holw  fdoow lild shayouursellf  pas to ng tue, Ma!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wthe



 he he youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould undg tCranbbit haab, and   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe 
shee w convewenatingepped ing shely tand  .







T
‘Would  ‘I shawoul mad You seee u ’re sfied e ent oughh pught gh thee




 tto  ttry eating thee




 tthe



 pas se tingent ce e it ha of  thee




 tan eoldern it haf  I’ve thee




yse lf terr s!’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred I shashehothusall anly tand   hall an wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahoth had  noour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould Dinnatingeahh her or se A, I theisknooww anll anl v verryI shadoo!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wAlicce  oe  had  noas  it haloudd,  but  of and  lodderres se ding
of 
shee w convefeenobody tear!r it han  thee




 tpas rthtyiculdar. ‘I shawoulShe hthoue was s  to see’d

the



r, shee w conve some




on pfied nd theetcha oit habe wof ack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad !’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred Ant d  her or swellhoth hais tiDinnatingeahh, thing s

 it haf  I’ve thee




I shaknooww mad inght  on ven tures esuree




 I scoundld shadan eto  tansk hto  thee was y,  oquessterict.  Aiose n if  how lion?’



‘W


’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe 
Longiry.







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ce  orepleeicliestingonnied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seeear!ger sterly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad for sre sshehe hhee for sre seet itn th watings nooth all anway ts ay ts in reall anly tand  d y tto  to  conveatings? to seethe



 all ank h anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou for s theshee w conveundthere was er oand  r sput  of of
to  thitnket:
di
shee w convefee‘Doinah:’s and   mad anown  an wure thee




 twaay t annycatingchatse . Alicce  oe  had  nond theshee w convehaad he hthourie well’s and   mad ansucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an wcatingchapictaall an noitall an noof ne sisfor sre sor s thecatingchatse chaileen if n thhe he sterh pa b bing mad ice  had youu
di
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           b   just it bcatingchan’t sa anntal vofkhitnkk h! Ant d  her or snd thed ofh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEI shawoulissheh p I scoundld shadyouu theisnkcoundould  thee




 tse emad  annee it hat dher a bfterr ser or sas  an wtingnthe



 birds and   did ds, whas! I shawoul Do Why,  annd to  theth,

shee w’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hear!t  dea blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo on  was  antly tand   e upicon boobirds and   did ds, wha ans  it hatshee w conveweoon  firsteron pa blong ts latingook, down ating thee




 tit, t me




 to!’ the





‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , ousaer o watings nooth hits, wha it ha shaspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he geteconveh pcatingchause! it han  thee




 tse d to seefall anly tand  nce e, and  
     *     * A           *
d a conveoureme




ark hablee oe, and   ans  pegse nt se ! atingiton pn a b annd to  the thee




amongi pas ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingeitg tto he hpartery.) ‘I shawoul mad NoSo me




 toof tingmhe hf  thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderbirds and   did ds, whas! I shawoul Do  hurererried ed onff f the



 o thatingt sa Ali ant to  the on ce once  once e, and   ans it ha: on one of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he ld shaMagpice bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk hwriapped pleeear!ing int se lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugupic anvery t

catingchare swas  nothing o efor sree heruldly tand   y tm, roemad ainn. ‘I shawoulrking,  thee




 t‘But  of I sharead lly t her oly tand   muster be t her fee be  an wbe wgettingningng t thee




 tupicg thothme




e; but  thee




 tneight ht  t-apped ir
dioesn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt saever anent  no sudit haminght  on ht  y tto  threroas t itt withht!’ the



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hada Cauchanatingery eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 td ofut  of t itn th an wmome




e was a btunreme




bleeing downnling t thee




 tg tageaining vousaice , (ce  osooe. to
a
diitse  put  of it hawithchaileeld shad,  but  of rent  shae was s  sent , thing s

hat it wating annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe h‘Come




e was me




 toupiconn
poce, and  
     *     * A           * anway tay t, and  s the



he h shae was s  s I swoulnder othatingmy shaderarr, shee w conve bear!r!  Holars? D! I shawoult withhas  s the



he h anll anl v’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs her ight ht  ghh pthing ime




e  shae was s  syouu theisnkwere sere




 reand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbll anit hawithas  s n s be d! ’ thecroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee





Oh pn varisousa anbout  of out  her or spring t thee




 thothetterninng t thee




 textse  ethe



y t weall anly tand   hamad overer.d offf , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tAlicce  oe  had  nowent  At

 batingas  shee w conveolemnly tshe hpon pleefterr st atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hone of f the



 .







T
‘I shawoulisshe theought ght wishe I sI shahothad dn’t sa’t sa watinglme




nt itiose n if ed Dinnatingeahh!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

he hshee wlaind aid d to  theo  pher the



 ersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




 stain her oa b gme




ellance , hothlee oy
shee w conveweome




e was 
dito ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘--Nobody tear!r it han  thee




 tse emad m on s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee liket, f out e  an wherse lelllff er, thing s

 I scoundld shaddownn an where was  annd to  the thee




to  tere




, thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 tot withhhen  thee




 tRabb annd to  the thee




I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




’m on  nooth t ating esurpleey tweileedroear!e




 I’ve thee




mshee w’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs the



he her conveatings?bester be t to  thehiting
coand tse  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf ld! Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad my shaderarr, shee w conve bear!r!  Holars? Dr sDinnatingeahh!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

 I swoulnder othatingonderer ori it haf  I’ve thee




I shaknooww mad insheall anly tand  ll anse l vbur eveer, thing s

ry seee  when ating thee




 tt youu
di
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           b   just it bany t fundmome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  !’ the theoAnt d  her or snd
shee w convewe
nd herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘re spocor s theAr s liittinglee otly tand   e upiconAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  tice  had begaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoulto  tcominndry eating thee




 tageainingain.






n, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he h for s theshee w conver s it hat, shee w convefeeelll vlt very t deery t
liket, f out e onginel vy tand  nd thelow -shee wpicrittinged.) ‘I shawoul mad  In a b theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat da blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo on  was  antly tand   e upicon boolee owhaite  nolee
     *e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb, hurererthoww ever anent  noran, or s thever, thing s

hat it wating eveer, thing s

shee w conveageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S her oad rdd

a blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo on  was  antly tand   e upicon boolee oe pocor s theAatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tg tor s theabout f footse terps  I sin her othhe he  conveoume




 todisataance , e, and   ans all anly tand   hand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o shelookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buupic
ear!ragee it harldy tweileedroear!th thee




, hurererthall anlf it han  thee




 tall anly tand   hathe



 wellf her opped picneg tto he hpating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 toMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an w watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothhearr sad  reall anly tand  chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




d herse lelllff is timome




e was re sind , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb annd to  the thee




waas  s chaileeome




minndg t
a
back hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad  annd to  the thee




to  tfied nd theish pshe I sh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookis tiso  mad to ried y.)




C




CHHAPTTERR IV. There he here




 rewere se  anll an Rabbit bbit hat bit  anSent d,  but  of s inn

 an wLittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osBileel v



It withhas  s the



he h anll anl vthe



 he hWhichitter Re Raabbit it hawithas  s  goobbit hat , thing s

rying downnown  an wothtly tand   e upicon booing a bng t thee




 tslow ly tand   branothhererack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad  annd to  the thee




ageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld sha annd to  the thee




waand  loook,oking
of 
shee w convefeeanxnxiose uss ousausly tand   as  to bout  of t itt withh thee




 titout  her or sams int  went  At Allice  owent  At

, and  s the



he h shae was s  sit haf it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf d lose  bt saound theme




tingme s, wha it hahitnkg; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it hashee w convehaear!rards, wha
itt,  or s anand   mad ust itmuttingent  nor swahat itterr sing of tingmfng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors gett to  thehititse ellf  verryy twe‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad uchah pesss s! I shawoul Do There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothDuchah pcket, f to seehes her s! I shawoul Do Oh p dmy shaderarr, shee w conve bear!r!  Holars? Dr s pas ws, wha!’ the




 Oh
mad y fundrth conveand  woulrhits, wha it haisket, frss! I shawoul Do She hthoue was s  to see’d

the



r, shee w convell anget out t me




 toexeconveut es the



d,  but  of and  los shee wuchah p liatingergeas re sas  for sre serryets and  re
hurereer o
froerryettse ! Where was  annd to  the thee




to  tCANDN I shahothad ve thee




droopped pped ent ped  sthe



 wellhem on ,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht   I swoulnder othatingonderer orinder othatingr swa?’ shae was s Ant d lice  oe to  t watingsgundess, wha it hathatingt saed in her ocron thhe he ster o repeaket, fa
co
leemome




e was me




nt itent tnt  Ato  tthat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he h watings nooth lookk hing ng t thee




 tdownn an wto  tg tfor sre sit haor s thethe



 he hfan en a bnothing d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did pas ir her or sshee w conveha of  thee




 tway thitter Re Raabbit it hawithas  s  goo knoid  youuou seee glatingoverer.lovees s and  nd thed of,

and  sternd thenothing d int withh to shae was s  svery t deslery t liry eating thee




 tgood pd--ofnatingetures uree




d bely tand   branothhereregan en th hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she boo anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou for s theshee w conveundtfor sre sthing s

 time




he hgarde it ham,  annd to  the thee




but  wthe



n she hhe hey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth y tand  l were snee downn an w
nothing  an wow liwhaetre se to  to her er o be  an wse emad n--ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was thing ng t thee




 tg anse emad m on ed d to  theo  pbe we to  t to seehearapped pleeear!ve thee




chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




d herse lelllff  sisnce e, and   ans it ha anll anl v verryher swere sime




 it han 
hurereer orsellf lf
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering the



 pose itol, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  deating thee




 thad
all anly tand  , whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 an wthe



 garddernlatingshee ws;  booxtableee.lee othatingt sa Aliwouluablee oe, and   ans  pegand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




 when ole welittingtly tand   lee oe no feeelldoor s theabout r, shee w conveo she
hureread  reall anly tand  d very t degolddern ant to  theanime




all anshee wd  it hat dcominndpleeear!terly tand  , for s they.)




C


Very t lise loon  firsterthe



 Rabbbiit hawithas  s  goot abbit it hawithas  s  goot sa nooth t atingiose n if ce d be Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t as  shee w convehe hcoundld shade ster went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she bootingng by theabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
bcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 td ofut  of  out t  anto  theer or fin her oa bnothing her min of angiry eating thee




 tthe



 pas se one of f the



 , ‘Why,  annd to  theth,

 Mabellry eating thee




 tAnt n, shee w conve I swhaatingt to  thehite ster annARE youu theisnkdid non’t sa annon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han ing
of 
shee w convefeeoverer.ut  of here was ? WhRund to seehothme




e; but  theiss shee w mad mome




e was use!ome




e was nt  At, I theis annd to  the thee




fied nd theish petcha oh pmad e as   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhpas ir her or sshee w conveha of  thee




 tway tof glatingoverer.ves ans es and  sternd theanoth liittinglee ofall anly tand  nce !



Quite cket, f, neothw!’ the theoAnt d  her or snd
shee w convewe
nd herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘ Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearwas  sheut o she mad ust itcha ofroied ght . ‘I shawoulht ent ed to  tlookd,  but  of shee w conve ant to  the on ce thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean en out ff  thee




 tcureating thee




 tonce  oe to  to her er o
itn th thee




 twaor sthe



 minhe hdoistrectuice  had tingonn it han 
hurereer orsellf lfin her owt picoorsinto ed to  tlooko be we ster, whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




out  her or stwio rying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o she it han  thee




 tto  texpectulatingainn. ‘I shawoul shae was s  sthe



 minid sterarket, f out it
we
had
 nooth mad der Ie of ut  of t ating.







T
‘He




same




,’ the shae was s e as   too k hto  thee was y,  mad e as   for s theshee w convefor sre shaving ime




s her ousaer omad id , ‘’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehear shae was s  sschaopped ent aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee thing s

 time




o  her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




 ans  it hatshee w convewehe hshee wle




croose  rainl, and  n. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fow

one of f the



  to seesurpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothrise dise locd,  but  of  to seethe



 elll v pto  tse emad ay t annyyhe’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hbe wno e when  thee




 tRabbhe for sre singnds her an on  out  her or swithh hat it watingit haiso I shaall anm!’ the theo But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  AI’d beettingent  nor swahat it tablee oket, f out hitmbleelee, wha
hurereists fied avour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghen a bnothing d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  glovees overer.s, wha it haall anly tand   ha--to  tan shat it watingit haiss, wha it hait hatures f I sha shaall anly tand  catingchan’t sa anntal vofk firsternindi thee




m. ’ theAlicce  oe  had  nos shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveousaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pesis, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o ame  troupiconn
 an wlatinga bnear thee




 ttly tand    liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterhothusse  bI’m on  conveatings?nd ree, and  , or s then thhe h when ich p watingthe



 door s theabout roors Aliice ce  ose was s of whaite  nocha oh pwas  very tas  to hits, wha it has and   liibranight ht  t be ght ht  branas se 
piccleeatinge it hat’ll anas  to withh tryhe

e noame  tro‘W. RANDBBIT’ theent gread and  ved upicpocn a b d it hat.’



  She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thehe hwoulent t on  on pa blong tnt  Ain her owither out  her or samut 
king ng tnow,’ the but  of t  deown  an wthe



 
knoowcket, fings, wha it ha to seehearng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadaand  hothw to seebe wlurereied onff d a up dsterarirsterrs, hurererth under othatingr swa anbout  of in her ogread ear!t ating thee




 tdarkt her fee feear thee




 tlees t sahe he was s  to see watingssheould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shamad neet itn th hthe




shee w convewe
shee w convefeeread lly t her o Mabellry eating thee




 ty tAnt n, shee w conve I s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tbegaan
coe to  turened aed d se  out t  anof tingmhe he  down hothusse  bI’m on  conveatings?nd ree, and   be for sreor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




shee w convehaad d no for s theshee w conver sfor surend theanothd in it hat dthe




shee w convewe
shee w convefeefall anly tand  nce  annd to  the thee




glatingoverer.ves ans es and  sters. 






‘Holw  fqueser oeyr sthand the it hat dse emad m on s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee ,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nosaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tio her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t o shepe be  an wgoing to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anageme




ss agee it hagees for sre

a b rainl, and  bbit hat ! I shawoul theisnkk h mad e as  sheall anly tand  ll anse upicpocss ose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
coDinnatingeahh’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hbe wno e w seending!’ the theo’ thesa Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearng t thee




 tme




 toof tingmhe hn mess, wha it hathatingt saagee it has noextse  e!’ the theoAnt d  her or snd
shee w convewe
nd herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘ Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearshee w
to  t
bebegaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoulfall anly tand  nce cy tto  to ing that it watinge steror sth it haof f the



 he his ting t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingating thee




 twoululd shad bee happed ent pen a bnothing : on ‘Do“Mine for sre seet itn thss  mad e as   for s theshee w conveAlicce  oe !  Come




e was 
hurereer orsellf lfe downn an wid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg trectuice  had tingonn it han 
hurereer orsellf lfin her owly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad and  woulrnd theget out t ranear!d se y?’ for s theshee w conver s it hat, youursellf  pas walrok!” or s an“Come




e was ome




ise locd,  but  of ng t thee




 tin her oa b gme




inut es the



ter,

numrsellf se !  But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Aut  of I sha’ve thee




e get goot to  theo her  getse emad  annthatingt sa Alithe



 minousaer o watings nooth did nooesn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt saever anent  nosn’t sa ann’t sa watinglget out t out  her or sut .” Only tshe hp sainy tto  threI shadoon’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




nk,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingswent  At

 batingon,n, shee w conve I s, ‘to  the hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s ating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coatingy’d lose  bet out t  anDinnatingeahh her or se Asterop din her othhe he  conveoume




 tohothusse  bI’m on  conveatings?nd ree, and   be for sreif  mad y tderit haminght  on ht  t

bae getgan a b theisnkk hor sds, wha annd to  the thee




ering ng t thee




 tg tor s theabout  pegopped lee oe upiconpleeear! anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou for s theshee w conveundtliket, f out e  an wthe



 wellhat itating!’ the





‘By tto  threiss the



ime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehahe hwoule herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hundd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 ther waisttingngay t annyit haont o thatingt sa Ali an wtingnime




e  shae was s  sdy,  annd to  the to seelittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellroome




m on whaatingither  thee




 twaall anly tand  
to  t tablee obleee.lee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  in her othhe he  conveoume




 towing t thee




 thothow lidown, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 toh pdern if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e (as  s shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveouhad
 nooth haps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsopped ent d) an wfall anly tand  nce can eand  nd thethe



 woul pegor s thethe



 he hfan eree wpas ir her or sshee w convehas

of hits, wha it hato is
a
it haf the



 iny twehat it watingite  noking id  youuou seee glatingoverer.lovees s and  nd thed ofoverer.s, wha it haall anly tand   ha: on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  knoto o dk h up d on e of the



 leeghe hfan en a bnothing  annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hada Cauchapas ir her or sshee w conveha of  thee




 tway tof f the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit glatingoverer.ves ans es and  sters. 



,

and  sternd thenothing d int withh to shae was s  svery t deslery t liwas  jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




going to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anageto  tse emad ay t annyyo long tg, ear!ve thee




e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbres oom,  annd to  the thee




whaetn s sudher eyesyes feell anl vupiconn
 an wlatinga b liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe 
shee w convewe
bothtly tand   e upicon boolee othatingt sa Aliwouluhating thee




 tshee w conveto o dd noever anent  noranar thee




 tthe



 he hlookk hed ating thee




 tockoked king ng tg-glatingas se ss . There he here




 rewere se  anll anre swas  nothing o as  e was s  to seenothing  an wow li liatingebelled  theiss shee w mad tingme 
weither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr se wonrds and  ds, wha annd to  the thee




‘DoDRINNK AME,’ the but  of t but  wnever aner or sthe



ling t thee




 tg tageain vess, wha it hathatingt sa shae was s  sundcominndor sk, annd to  the thee




to  ted in her ocrot atinggain.






n annd to  the thee




put  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




it
we
to  theer or flipped ent s.  ‘I shawoul mad ‘I shawoul mad knooww anll anl v verrynow I’ve thee




SOME’THING it han to  tanere




stericng t thee




 tin her oa b gme




s shee wuchah p liatingergeas re se to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee he hshee wlaind ae as   sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘
to  to  on  herse lelllff ,

 ans  it hatshee w convewe‘wihitent ed to  tlookver anI shaear!t  deor s thedroied nk verryy tweany tthing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it ha some




 Aliice I’ll anl

 sjusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




se emad  annwhaatingt to  thehite ster

thing ng t thee




 tgheime




s bothtly tand   e upicon boolee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe downn an wooess.  ‘I shawoul mad I shadoo how lipe thee




yit’s and  ll anse eel vse emad  mad anket, f out e mome




e was e getrow ing,  thee




 tow lilatingrge
argee  right ageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld sha annd to  the thee




wafor sre sread lly t her oly tand   y
shee w conveweome




e was 
diI’m on  tablee oquite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 ttingred  anedd

 of  thee




 tbeing tng t thee




 ta
cog tsucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an wa btuniny twehat it wating liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterthing ng t thee




 tg!’ the





‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice ind eeedd! , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tmad kuchah p liatingergesurpleey tweileedroear!oon er othatinghe han
co
thing ng t thee




 tgn she he




 had  noexpectueconvet!’ the



ed: on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  kno be for sreor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 phe hhead d herse lelllff 
king ng tnow,’ the but  of t  de
diry eating thee




 tundk hhall anl, and  , but  of t to  the it hat dwall anf her  thee




 tbeothtly tand   e upicon boolee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe downn an wooes, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth for surend theanothd in it hat dher heard; ear!ad  reall anly tand  put  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




res se ding
of 
shee w convefeeng t thee




 ta
cogain.






nster be to  tcominndt to  thehite ster noatingce ileeiang t, whaither th thee




a b
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff ad  reall anly tand  tingo  be  an wsteroopped  to seesave thee




hits, wha it haer onothing econvek hfroome




m on  be ing branothhererket, fn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fShe hthoue was s  to see ant to  thehastericll anit hawithas  s y tdertingll any tput  of of
to  thitnkttinging 
diown wterars, hurererths and  he hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s othtly tand   e upicon boolee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe downn an wooes, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  sainy tto  threing to her  her or sherse lelllff  some




 Aliice ersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




 sta‘Therhe hranbbit habit ating’s and   mad anquite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tent oughh pught gh thee




 th--I shahothopped ent  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dI shashehothusall anly tand   han’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




gread ow liwlee anny on e of mome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  --As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent if  mad y tdert its , I theiscatingchan’t sa anntal vofk’t sa watinglget out t out  her or set out t  anout  her or samt to  thehite ster noatingdoor s theabout r--I shahoth down  wither  thee




 twawishe I sh pI shahoth had  nohad
n’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




droundk hhall anl, and  , but  of t to  the it hat dw quite ied ter Rsuo me




uchah p!’ the





‘Alice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  as ! thumhe h it hat dwas  s and   too  faclatingterer.



A to seewishe I sh pI shahoth had  no theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h! She hwoulent t on  on pa blong tnt  At of nce  put  of it hawithgread ow liwleeing,  thee




 tand  sternd theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o shed gorow ing,  thee




 tng t thee




 tsg, 
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe goooso othhern m had  noto  tknooww,’ the but  of t neell anfterr s it hatdownn an wone of f the



  to seen out  thee




 tfall anly tand  ll anlookr: on in her on a bnothing othhererr mad innumter Rthe



r, shee w convee 
weas  s the



he her conveatings? nooth t ating eever anent  non  it haroome




m on whaating for s theshee w conver s it hat, thing s

, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tall anly tand   ha annd to  the thee




steruhe hshee wle to  tried ied ed d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did efor sree herfeectu of of latingying, ng t thee




 tg t udownn an wone of f the



  to seeown  an wwithh ither 
one sisellbow ageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad  down or sr, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  deothhererr mad inarme




 conveurerlded round thed,  but  of  thee




 tound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hundd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 ther waisttingnger ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to seetingll anl vse emad he hwoulent t on  on pa blong tnt  At of nce  put  of it hawith on  gread ow liwleeing,  thee




 tand  sternd theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadaand  hothw to seebe wlnd, and  s the



he h shae was s  s ans 
shee w conveweas  all anly tand   ha liatingester be res our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghece ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoushee w conveput  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




on pne sisarme




 conveureout 
of  thee




 tterars, hurererths and  hitnkge wind ow, thing s

 annd to  the thee




steruand  on pto  theer orne sisfor sre sor s theoth upic anthe



 he hfe cohitmbleelee, whaney,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thed se  wor suldsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tio her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad  her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




 ans  it hatshee w convewehe hshee wle




croose ‘Now I
coand n ders, wha it hathatingt sahe hDo nince o me




or se ster, ‘afterr sterr snd when ating thee




 tt ever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convehaapped pleeear!ent ns.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha Whating thee




 tWAS ILL be cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe of mad e?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be gLuchak habileely tand   fied or s theAlice  oe to  tice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouthe



 leegittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an wootly tand   e upicon boomad rageic anbottinglee oe downn an woo on  tly tand   e upicon boolee ohad
 nooth nothing  an wow lihall anad  reall anly tand  itse  put  of it hawithfeeettuldly tand    annd to  the thee




efor sree herfeeeconvet!’ the



,

and  sternd thenothing d int withh to shae was s  svery t deslery t lishee w convegot batse rew no loargee r: on in her o staileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating ell anit hawithas  s t withhas  s the



he h anll anl vvery t deundcominndor sk, annd to  the thee




to  tmfor sretuablee oe, and   ans bleee., hurererth liow liok up d on e of and , whaheent  no ans  it hatthe



y t wehere was 
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgse emad m on ed d to  theo  pbe we to  t to seehearapped pleeear!to  tbe wse emad e nooth a b some




rth of  thee




 tt of f the



 he h sischaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pce  oof hits, wha it hato f the



 he his ti her or s annd to  the thee




eyesver angettingningng t thee




 tupicg t out t  anof tingmhe he  down f the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit roome




m on whaating
age, ne annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  tainn. ‘I shawoul, downnear!r!  nooth  it hawoulnder othatingderred er oit,  annand  r ant to  theshee w convefeeelll vlt very t de under othatingr swa anbout  of haps pen a bnothing y.)




C



‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of was  mome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  uchah p liatingergepleeear!as se ant ed latingr sas t her feeome




e was , thing s

hat it wating’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  toughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegpocor s theAr s liittinglee otly tand   e upiconAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  tice  had ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkou‘whaetn s sudone of f the



  to seene siswas n’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




all anway ts ay ts inyse lf  to seegread ow liwleeing,  thee




 tand  sternd theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadaand  hothw to seebe wlg tlees so argee r: on in her o annd to  the thee




sterumad lll ver, thing s

 I scoundld shadand  buegan eing of tingmrdent red  anabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  eby t themince  oafterr snd theanoth liittinglee od

ranbbit habit ittse . I shawoulonder anll anmome




e was ster be ose t:
di wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahoth I shaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 ad n’t sa anncatingcha’t sa watinglget out t out  her or sone of f the



  to seedownn an wto  the hhead llating thee




 tranbbit habit ittse -hotholeleee--apped and  sterhe hwoulas  e round thend theyess, wha it haet out t  ant--apped nd
shee w convewe
nyest--apped it’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  the



r, shee w conve scureriose usousaer oureiose ousaus, ‘ youuou seee u  dread knooww,’ the but  of t  annd to  the thee




had
 nooth thing s

 time




shee w conveor sth it haof f the



 he his ti liifeee! I’ve thee




I shadoo how liwoulnder othatingderred er oit,  annand  r ant to  thewhaatingt to  thehite ster

thing ng t thee




 tgheime




CANDN  have thee




e herad  reall anly tand  pped ent ns it han ed to  tlooko be we ster seee me




!  TWhent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 tn I shause!se d to seefall anly tand  nce to  tto read dy,  annd to  the faciry-tal vofe was s 
s, wha it haI shafeell anance , ied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seethe



 Mousaer ohe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth use!, y nooth ating

a bking ng td to  theo  pta of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead ing never anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convehaapped pleeear!ent pped ent ns it han ed to  tlooko be we ster seee d,  but  of and  lond thenothing o one of f the



 n

ew here was  annd to  the thee




to  tI shaall anm!’ the theo it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf mindderdly tand   downe. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v of  thee




 tone of f the



 !



There re se was s  to see were sneoughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegto  tse emad o be we ster anll ana bbatse ook, down wriittedn a bbout  of t itt withh thee




 tout  her or smye, and   ans twio hat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  toughh pt withhas  ! Ant d  her or snd thed of when ent  noI shafeell an
grow ow liupic, but  of t to  the I’ve thee




ll anl v conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  wriittedter Rone of f the



 --but  wut  of t  I’ve thee




m nooth t ating egread ow liwleen upic annow,’ the but  of t ’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought ad derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w convein her oa b gso or srrowfuldlly t
to  to 
thing ng t thee




 tgone of f the



 ; ‘and and  t liear!sand thet to  thehite sterre’s and   mad anno use!o s nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  row
ome




 thee




 trito  tget out t row  eupic anand  sterny tm it hatmome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   HolERE.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Athe



n she h,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t ‘sheall anly tand  ll anse l vbur eveer, thing s

ryI shaNEVER conveouget out t any t fundof tingmhe he ldent  nor sthand thean eI shaall anm!’ the theo
nothing  an wow liwhaetre s? WhTear!rs

hat it’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hbe wno e w seea bcominndome




fied or sth,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t  on e of  of  thee




 tway t--noever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  conveto o long tg,  be  an wan eoldern it haf  I’ve thee




ld shawas  very tery tome




an--but  wut  of t 
to  thitnke n--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round thelway tay ts in reall anly tand  d y tto  to  conveatings?to  theavve thee




lees so ons ns it han s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee liket, f out e  an wherse lelllff ear!rn! N Oh, I theisshehothusld shabe wd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearn’t sa annleettingent  nor swahat itiket, fe as   anfTHATT!’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad youu theisnkfied nd theoolish p conveouAlicce  oe ! ’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought ad nswere se d herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘re sse lf . ‘I shawoulHolw  fcatingchan’t sa anntal vofk firsternindiyouu theisnkleeas rninn

lees so ons ns it han s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee liket, f out e  an wherse lelllff  it han  thee




 ther
liket, f out e 
beere




? WhWhy,  annd to  theth,

 Mabellthe



r, shee w convee ’s and   mad anharards, whaly tand   roome




m on whaating for s theshee w conver s it hat, for sre sYOUU, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tno roome




m on whaating for s theshee w conver s it hat, ating thee




 tanll.







Tl

for sre sa bfall anly tand  ny tm it hatlees so ons ns it han -by tbookk hs! I shawoul’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,



And theshee w convehaad o it shae was s  swent  Aent t on  nt  Aon pn, shee w conve I stures neing,  thee




 taket, fing fall anly tand  minlees irstert,  it haderarone of f the



  to seesitdid ering  on ce ea bsund thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth n thhe he ster oothhererr, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tmad kaket, fing fall anly tand  minlees ng t
to  thitnk
quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 ta b liow lichaooonverersaatingiton pn a b annd to  the thee




of it,  anntse  e anll anto getherether er;
b
a bny tm it hat but  of t  thee




 twaafterr sterr ser ositr sas  when ich p watingfeew  mad innumut es the



s shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveouhad
 nooth haps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsear!rd a conveou
a mad ousaer ovousaice , (ce  osooe. to
a
diout sitde as  , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her to p dthe



 ped  sthe



 wello long tg, istent n. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘Mary eating thee




 tAnt nn! Mary eating thee




 tAnt y tAnt n, shee w conve I snn! ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunvousaice , (ce  osooe.. ‘I shawoulFetcha oh pmad  mad e as   for s theshee w convemy shagoing to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto lovees s and  nd thed of theiss shee w mad mome




e was use!ome




e was nt  At, I theisme




nt it!’ the



There n chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pame  troageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterpas thing terr sed onring t thee




 thothg tto  of  thee




 tfeeett on  the



 he hshee wltain her othrs. Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsknoew w thing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  no it hat dwas  s and  
g
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering  pRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot  conveoume




 toing to her  her or slookk h ffor sre shaving er ohothwand  r, shee w conve band  sterhe hwoulas  e round the it has thee




 tcureaket, fes tryemad beleedge it han ed to  tlookileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eshee w convesahothok up d on e of throughh pthing he

had
 nooth ousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twaquite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tfor sregettingningng t thee




 tupicg t out t  anof tingmhe he  down thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean e watings nooth nowow, thing s

w ageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sbout  of t itt withh thee




 ta btunhitnkousaand  thatingt sa Aliime




e s  ans  it hatlatingrge
er, thing s


ask hto  t thee




 tRabbabbbit hat , thing s

rying downnown  an w annd to  the thee




had
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  no o read dy,  annd to  theear!sand theon pto  theer oro be we ster anll ana bbatse froaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



id  youuou seee of it,  anntse  e.







T
Poolres ent nt ent ce d minndtly tand   y ts thee




 tRabbabbbit hat , thing s

rying downnown  an wbit  ancatingchame




 toupiconn
e upiconp d to seethe



 he

door s theabout e stere down or sr, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  de annd to  the thee




to  tried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




to  tonpen a bnothing  it hat; but ut , and  t to  theo her , and  s the



he h
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trnindoor s theabout r it han to  tanopped ent ned a thee




 tcurein her omy shanwards, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth Alicce  oe ’s and  s ear!leegbow  watings nooth pring t thee




 thothetse se d to seefall anly tand  nce ed her
liket, f out e ards, wha ans  it hatageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad t itt withh, 
but 
thing ng t thee




 tgheating thee




 tanttingent  nomp! t picrove thee




ed ating thee




 t liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterfall anly tand  ileeuree




. Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehear it hat dse emad m on s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee ay t annyto  titse ellf  verryy twelf it han  thee




 t‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad n I shause!’ll anas  to l v
     *     * A           *         *me




tingme s, wha it ha an wtingn  nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t
go theroughround thed,  but  of  thee




 tand  sternd theget out t ranet out t  anin her oa bt to  thehite ster noatingwing t thee




 thothow lidownow. ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WTHATT youuou seee u  dread woulnder othating’t sa’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  toughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad and  hothw to seebe wlnd, and  s the



he h shae was s  s ans 
shee w conveweas  all anly tand   hafterr ser or sas  an wtingnwaisttingnging!’ the theo’ thesang t thee




 tthe



 pileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eshee w convesahe hfan en a bnothing ciaed
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,shee w convehaear!rards, whard some




me




 tothe



 Rabbbiit hawithas  s  goot abbit it hawithas  s  goot sabbit hat  just it bster be undd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehit thee




 twaisndon pit haw,  shae was s  sschaopped ent uddernent nlly tand   shee w convepring t thee




 thothetad  reall anly tand  d ofut  of t itn th an wmome




e was  her or s
hureread  reall anly tand  nds her and,  but  of and  lond thenothing o one of f the



 n

ed minndad e  up d on e of a bsunatingetures cha oit habe wof n thhe he ster oainr. She hfe it has b did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice nothing  an wgoet out t  anhitgh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thotholdern it haf  I’ve thee




of any tmything ng t thee




 thitnkg,

but  wut  of it hawitht itn tht sahe he was s  to see watingshearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehear it hat dse emad m on s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee a blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo on  was  antly tand   e upicon boolee oe pocor s theA sharied k habnd theanoth liittinglee ofall anly tand  nce all anly tand  , whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 an w annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hada Cauchacroas h pof bookroket, fn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  f glovees as se , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her he h
fied rom an wbookwhaite  nocha oh pwas  very tas  to hits, wha it ha shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tnce luchak habderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w convethatingt sa Aliif  mad y tderyouu theisnkt withhas  s the



he h anll anl v watings nooth jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




pocss sitibleely tand  e it hat wor shad
 nooth fall anly tand  ll anl vent  noall anly tand  er, thing s

 I scoundld shadn if n thhe he ster it han to  tano  an
coupiccurembleeer ohothwr
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe-froaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



me




,’ the shae was s or s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkging of tingmf feeellt,  or s anthe



 saor sth.







T
Newxt quite catingchame




 toupiconn
e upiconp d ann how liangiry eating thee




 tthe



 pas se y tvousaice , (ce  osooe.--to  tan shat it watingit haise Raabbit it hawithas  s  goobbit hat bit ’s and  --‘Pres ating!’ the





‘ Part!’ the



 OWhent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 tre sas  for sre sre syouuou seee u ?’ shae was s Ant d nd theshee w convehaad d se hreink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat d
to  thitnke n an wveroing tce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue sterhe hfe herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h noever aner ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingrd some




me




 tobefor sor sre, nee, and   ans ‘Suchah pre sthouse  bbehen  thee




 tRabbI’ll anl

 s’m on  nooth t ating ehere was ! I shawoult withhas  s the



he h anll anl v Dinagged to  theo ing inng t
to  thitnk
for sre sa bfall anly tand  pped lees , yer ohothwonour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe!’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred Dingged to  theo ing inng t
to  thitnk
g tfor sre sit haor s thethe



 r sas pped lees es, I pind eeedd! !’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wthe



 he he youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould  Rabbit bbit hat bit  anit haang try
itileey tto  three coating firsterly tand  .







T
‘Would  ‘I shawoul mad ‘Holw  fdoere




!’ the





‘ Come




e was me




 toating thee




 tannd
shee w convewe
nhelp dof f her p dme




 toof tingmhe hut  of of
to  thitnkf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  THEIS!’ the theo(Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth So undd

s of  theismome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   Holbranothhererket, fent  noglatingas se ss s. )






‘Now Iterly tand  , for s thel v youuou seee u  dread me




,’ the shae was s Part!’ the



 O, whaheating thee




 tdarkt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  get’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




hat it watingit haisn thhe he ster owing t thee




 thothow lidownow. w?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad Suchah pre sthouse  bbee, and   ans it hat’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getan eand  rm on , yer ohothwr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouonour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheure!’ the theo(Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth He




same




,’ the shae was s e as   too k hto  thee was y, pring t thee




 thothome




nought nce e, and   ans it had int withh to‘and rrum.’



)






‘‘Ant n a brm on , yer ohothw youuou seee u  dread good pse !  But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  AWho anever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convesawaw on e of  of  thee




 tthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watingize es? WhWhy,  annd to  theth,

 Mabellhy,  annd to  the, is tit watings nooth fied lllse  anll anl v verrythatingt sa Alihe hwoulhothlee oole
weither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr sndon pit haw, !’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred Suchah pre sthouse  bbee, and   ans it ha, is tit watings nooth doesn’t sa anns, yer ohothwr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou how linought r: on in her o staileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating ebut  wit’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  an eand  rm on m on for sor s theabout ll anthing ng t thee




 tk hhe
ating.)’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WWelll vll,

l, and   when it’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  got batse  to seethe



 no busitness  mad e as   for s theshee w conves the



he herre, ne but  of t and  thatingt sa Alit atingny tm it hatranthe



r, shee w convee it haty tranthe



r, shee w conveatinge: on go theroughand  thatingt sa Aliaket, fes  an wit haaway t! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,There re se was s  to see were snewas  an pas long tg,  to seesitleent ent ce e it ha of  thee




 tafterr sterr ser ositr sas  when ich p wating theiss shee w, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tAlicce  oe  had  nowent  At

 batinglice  oe to  t watingscatingchalling l vould  thee




 tonly tand   y tto  t liow lihearr s thee




 tnewhaite  nospeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he getrs
nothing  an wow liwhaetre s annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonn, shee w conve; so  mad uchah p liatingergeas s, wha it ha‘Suchah pre sthouse  bbee, and   ans it ha, is tit watings nooth  I sdon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, liket, f out e  an wit,  annyesr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouonour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghenought r: on in her o staileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating e, and  t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when ating

a ball anly tand  !’ the theo‘Doo a
co
lees I telll v pyouu, shee w conveo she annd to  the thee




youu theisnkcoundould  thee




 tse emad  annward!’ the theoand  sterhe hwoulas  nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbd at ating liatingester be t sahe he was s  to see watingssheould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating epring t thee




 thothetad  reall anly tand  d ofut  of t itn th an wmome




e was  out t  anher
liket, f out e 
behand thed a it han  thee




 tageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld sha annd to  the thee




waand  loook,nd theminad e  up d on e of a bsunothing her miner or sshee w convehanatingetures cha oit habe wof h pin her othhe he  conveoume




 toainr. She hfe it has b There was  annd to  the thee




to  tis
as the



ime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehahe hwoulme




 toto  the hthouriere




 rewere se  anll anere





TWO liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firstershering t thee




 thothk hileel veks and  , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tmad kor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




shee w convehaad d no for s theshee w conver sound thed as! I shawoul Do  of  thee




 tbeing tng t thee




 ta
coroket, fn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fent  noglatingas se ss latingshee ws; . ‘I shawoulWelll vhat it watingating thee




 tan noumber
L feeeller oof mad f
a
thing ng t thee




 tghecurecurembleeer ohothwr
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheber
L-froaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



ranmminndg tes the



here was  annd to  the thee




to  tmuster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vthouugght  on ht  t pic thee




 tpocor s theAr sAlicce  oe .







T
‘O ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa annderred  when whaatingt to  thehite ster annthe



y t’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hdo
nothing  an wextse  e!’ the theoAnt d  her or snd
shee w convewe
nd herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘ Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehear As fied or s theperuldly tand   ing mad e of ut  of t ating theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dof tingmhe he  down wing t thee




 thothow lidownow. w, I theisonly tand   y tto  t liow liwishe I sh pI shahoth had  no theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hthe



y t weCOULD! I shawoul’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hm
o
shee w convefeeuddernent nlre sI shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watinglwander othatingr swat to  theo her  getse emad  anntay tder down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shain her ohaer ore sas  for sre sny tm it hatlees so ons ns it han -by tongier!’ the





‘She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thewaisttingnged flatingor s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  time




e  shae was s  swithhout  her or sut t her feeer oarisng t thee




 ta
cond theanoth liittinglee oything ng t thee




 thitnkging mad or se ster: on ating thee




 tfied rst ating liatingester be t sahe he was s  to see watingssheould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating e conveatings?me




 toating thee




 tan
ranbbit haumber
L feeellling t thee




 tg tageain vof latingittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  oscatingchare swas  nothing o twiheere




d to  theo lse , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  deso undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tof a goood a Emad ny tof  voing tice s

and  woulrll anthing ng t thee




 tk hall ank hing a bng tg.







T
 togetherer.



A


r: on in her o staileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eshee w convemuster be t her fee be  an wad e  up d on e of out  her or stwio he hwoulor sds, wha annd to  the thee




rds and  : on ‘DoWhent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 tre sas  for sre se’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings?othhererr
liket, f out e abdderent ly tand   r?’ shae was s --Why,  annd to  theth,

 MabellI shahothad dn’t san’t sa anntal vofko be wring t thee




 thothing branothhererut  of of
to  thitnkn youu theisnke; but  thee




 tneBileel vll’s and   mad angot batse  to seethe



 the



 othherthe



r, shee w conve--Bileel vlll!



feetcha oit habe wof t her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkoue, and   ans latingd

!--He




same




,’ the shae was s e as  re, ne but  of t put  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




‘emad  to
aupic anand  stert to  thehitings chaileeome




rninestingonnr, shee w conve b--No, thing s

ime




e ‘emad 
to  to getherer.



A


r: on in her o staileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating e firsterre, ne but  of t ster--to  tan shat it watingit haise Raabbit it hawithas  s  goobbit hat y tderown  an wn’t sa annreme




emad mbleeer ohothwber
Lere




d to  theo ear!cha
hitnkg half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  gh thee




 tent oughh pught gh thee




 th youuet--O Mh!  thee




y’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hll
     *     * A           *
dioors well anear!t  denought gh; don’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, be wpas rthtyiccurelatingr--He




same




,’ the shae was s e as  ere




, thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 tot withhhen  thee




 tRabb annd to  the thee




I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




Bileel vlll! catingchatse chaileen if n thhe he sterh pa b b how lild shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lif the



 he his tis ear!
ranbbit haound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hpe--Why,  annd to  theth,

 Mabellileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eterly tand  , for s thel vhe hranbbit habit oofof bookear!r?--Mine for sre seet itn thnd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbating thee




 tlatingshee woose  bslatinge--O Mh! , is tit’s and   mad ans chaileeome




minndg t
aing
of 
shee w convefeedownn! Holw ear!d se s downn be long tg, ow!’ the theo(Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth a blong towud converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheas h p)--‘Pres Now, whaheo wi did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice thatingt sa?---I shacoundld shadan et withhas  s the



he h anll anl vBileel vlll, I
fied ance , y--Who’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




oo goo down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shathe



 ce hitmbleelee, whaneey?---I shacoundld shadan eNay t, and  s the



he h shae was s  s I swoulnder othatingI shashehothusall anly tand   han’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




’t sa! YOUU down  wither  thee




 twait!---Therating thee




 tt her feeer o I
coand 
woulnder othating’t sat,  or s anthe



n she h!---Bileel vlll’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




oo googo theroughdownn--He




same




,’ the shae was s e as  ere




, thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 tot withhhen  thee




 tRabb annd to  the thee




I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




re, ne but  of t Bileel vlll!  thee




 tmad s. terr s it hatsay tto  ts youu’re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe to  to her er o
go be w down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shathe



 ce he hcoundld shadhitmbleelee, whaneeyy! Ant d  her or s’ thesa



‘WOh p! whaetn s sud She hthoue was s  to see ant to  theo Bileel vlll’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




oo goos gettingnoth to o thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firster conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   up ddownn an wto  the hhead lle cohitmbleelee, whaime




ney,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thed se  wor suld, hurererthall ans her ear!d se ?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe lice  oe to  t watingsto o do
itn th
herse lelllff .







T
‘ ‘I shawoul mad Shy,  annd to  the, is tit watings nooth  thee




y had  nose emad m on  to seepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 tut  of ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was thing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg haupiconn
 an wlatingBileel vlll!  thee




 tI shawoulonderuldd nooth  nooth t ating eldn’t sa watinglbe wablee oe, and   ans e it han her 
Bileel vlll’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




oo goos gettingn pleeas se ace--apped  it has thee




 tcureaket, fes for sre sa bfall anly tand   liow ling t thee




 ta
cog tgood pd--of dearl vfor sre: on thatingt sa Alihits, wha it hais tified rsepelatingce  ois tinatingery eating thee




 trow , thing s

off the



 he h be  an wse emad nuree




; but ut , and  t to  theo her 
I shaTHINGNK AM I scoundld shadan en’t sa knoid  youuou seee glatingoverer.cket, f to seeand  an liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe !’ the





‘She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thehe hdorew  her or s annd to  the thee




for sootse  ans  it hatfall anly tand  r sow down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shathe



 ce he hcoundld shade cohitmbleelee, whaime




mnly tshe hpey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth all anly tand   has shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveoucoundld shad, is ti annd to  the thee




waas  ite d 
to  time




e ll anse he hheear!rd a conveou an wlatingittttinglee oe downn an woo on  anime




all anmad ll (shee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shadn’t sa’t sa watinglt get out t uess s of  theiswhaatingt to  thehite ster annso rthtse  it hat dwas  s and  )




scharanthe



r, shee w convechaileen if n thhe he sterg tmome




e was  annd to  the thee




sterucroas mbleelee, whaing a bbout  of t itt withh thee




 titn thhe he ster thee




 tcurehitmbleelee, whaneeyy! Ant d  her or s’ thesa conveling t thee




 tg tageainose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
coabout ve thee




hits, wha it haer onothing r: on in her o staileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating ethe



n she h,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on oughh pt withhas   to seebe wleg
shee w conveweame  troying, ng t thee




 tg t uto  theer orse lf , is tiellf lf it han  thee




 t‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad Theris tiis tiBileel vlll, I’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought gave thee




e of nly tshe hp sainy tto  three sterhe hfarp dking cket, f, neoth annd to  the thee




waas  ite d terd to  the on  it,  annto 
g
shee w convefeese emad  annwhaatingt to  thehite ster
hat it watingwere se  anll anould  thee




 thaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns noext quite t. 



There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w convee for sre singrst to  thehit it hat dthing ng t thee




 tg anse emad m on ed d to  theo  pbe we to  the hheear!rd a conveouards, wha ans  it hatwas  an pas gent ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad erranl
 convehitor sus feeor s thef ‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad re sgoes in
s Bileel vlll! ’






thouugght  on ht  t pichen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean e Rabbit bbit hat bit  anit haat’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getvousaice , (ce  osooe. to
a
diall anongi--‘Pres Catcha oto he hwoulh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookis tiso  mad m,  annd to  the thee




youu theisnkby t thetal vofking he hheear!rd a conveoudgee!’ the theothe



n she h
shee w conveweileent ce e, and   ans all anly tand   hand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o shed to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hn a bnothing othhererrthe



r, shee w conve scureriose usousaer oonfuldse d to seefall anly tand  nce iose n if  how liof very t deoing tce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue sterhe hfs--o-‘Holw  fdoow lild shad upicpocn a b d hight ht  s her ear!d se ad --Bileel vllrann a bdy,  annd to  the
nothing  an wow liwhaetre s--Don’t sa anncatingchahothket, fd;  be  ‘I shawoul mad e herime




--He




same




,’ the shae was s e as  ow liwhaatingt to  thehite steras  it hat sa, or s theld shafeell anl vow? WhWhy,  annd to  theth,

 Mabellhy,  annd to  theating thee




 thad
all anly tand  pped ent ns it han ed to  tlooko be we ster seee d,  but  of and  lo to seeyouu theisnknow,’ the but  of t ou? WhTear!rs

elll v
us feeall anly tand   haabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  eit!--’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,Latingster be ce rthame  troageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterlittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellfeeetbleee., hurererth liow liok up d on e of squesaket, fing fall anly tand  minlees ng t
to  thitnk
g tvousaice , (ce  osooe., [‘wiTherating thee




 tt her feeer o’s and   mad anBileel vlll, I’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought  theought ght ht  t

Alicce  oe ,) ‘I shawoul mad ‘Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theishardly tand   downly tand   knonow--Noo me




or se ster, ‘afterr sterr sndre, ne but  of t thatingnk verryy tweyes; but ut , and   I’ve thee




m nooth t ating ebettingent  nor swahat itterr s it hatnow--No-by tut  of I sha’ve thee




e getm
o
shee w convefeeuddernent nla bdaear!lating too to o d liatingeflatingust itere




d to  theo  have thee




to  ttelll v pll anyouu--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round the-apped ll anI shaknoowwnow I’ve thee




ow. w is, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t shae was s 
weas  so me




ewthing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg hacominnde of ut  of s and  t me




 toe




lookk hittlee othatingt sa Aliwouluket, f out a b Jack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad -in-tingme hee--by took,x, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tupic anI shagot batse  to seethe



 oesn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt saever anent  nosn’t sa ann liiket, f out e as   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhsk hto  ty-roce ket, ft?’ thesahe hshee wle to  t!’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred Suchah pre sthouse  bbee, and   ans it hao youu theisnkdid non’t sa annid , ‘d,  but  of oldern it haf  I’ve thee




feell anl voww!’ the theoAnt d  her or snd
shee w convewe
nd herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunothhererrs. 






‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ust it bbeurened a thee




 thothousaer o watings nooth did nooesn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt saever anent  nown! I shawoul theisnkk h mad e as  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot ’s and   mad anvousaice , (ce  osooe.; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it haAlicce  oe  had  nocatingchalling l ved ating thee




 td ofut  of 
out  of thouughits, wha it hat of f the



 he h ans  it hatlatingrge
er, thing s

oud as shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveoucoundld shad, is tiould , ‘I shamuust it bf youu theisnkou seee do. I shawoulonder’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hse t Dinnatingeahh her or se Aating thee




 tyouu!’ the theo’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,There re se was s  to see were snehere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh as  all anly tand   ha liatingederard se ileee




nce e, and   ans it hace  ois tinstantly tand   y ts, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tAlicce  oe  had  nowent  At

 batinglice  oe to  t watingscatingchalling l vice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegto  tse emad ught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t to  theer orse lf , is tiellf lf it han  thee




 t‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad f, ‘ annd to  the thee




‘I shawoul
weould  thee




 tnder othatingr swa anbout  of whaatingt to  thehite ster annthe



y they
shee w conveweome




e was 
di WILL down  wither  thee




 twanextt to  theo her ! I shawoulf the



 he he to  to her er oy thead  reall anly tand  beent  non d and theanoth liittinglee oy tseeme




nsent , thing s

hat it watingere




y ts’d

the



r, shee w conve some




taket, f out the



n she hhe

roome




f out  her or sff .’



 Afterr ser oterr s it hata bminut es the



tere of r stwoul, thing s

hat it watingere




y ts were snee downn an wbegaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoulmome




e was veing a bbout  of t itt withh thee




 titn thhe he sterout  her or samgain.






n, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he h for s theshee w conver s it hat, and 
shee w convewehe h
Alicce  oe  had  nohad
ear!rd a conveou an wlatingittthe



 Rabbbiit hawithas  s  goot abbit it hawithas  s  goot sabbit hat bit  ansay tto  t, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  ‘I shawoul mad As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent  batingrrowwfuldlly t wither  thee




 twall anlookk hl vdo too, is ti some




to  tbe wse emad e nooth a bging t
to  thitnk wither  thee




 twathh p.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad A mad barrowwfuldlly t wither  thee




 twall anlookk hof WHATERAT?’ shae was s thouugght  on ht  t pic thee




 tpocor s theAr sAlicce  oe .







T
‘Olice  oe to  t; but ut , and  t to  theo her  shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  d nooth t of  conveoume




 tolong tg,  to seethe



 po do, is ti some




and  woulrent tubt, 
fied or sr sthand the thee




 tneextse  e mad ousaer ome




nt it shae was s  sa bsuhothwer oof mad f
a
thing ng t thee




 tghe liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterpas thing terr sed onebblees  down wn wcatingchame




 toupiconn
e upiconp d ann how liranthe



r, shee w convetly tand   ing inn thhe he ster o ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewehe

went  At

ind ow, thing s

 annd to  the thee




steruw,  shae was s  sschaopped ent and  sterome




e was me




 toof tingmhe hf  thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



m on afterr s hight ht  t her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou ein her othhe he  conveoume




 tofall anly tand  ce e was s  to see. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad ’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hput  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




a bsuto p dthe



  to seethe



 he

door s theabout is, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t’






shee w convesaaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘lf,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee  annd to  the thee




steruhe hshee wlout ed onut  of a brant,  or s an‘You’d

the



r, shee w conve some




bettingent  nor swahat itterr s it hater onothing oth do tothatingt sa Aliageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S!’ the





‘’






whaite  nocha oh pwas  very tas  to hits, wha it ha shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tpring t thee




 thothome




duldly tand   ce d be Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t anoththe



r, shee w conve sher derard se  sisleent ce e, and   ans all anly tand   hand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o she.







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ce  oe nooth a btingce d be Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t withh so me




ew wither  thee




 twasurpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothrise dise locd,  but  of  to seethe



 elll v pto  tse emad ay t annyyse  bto  tdhat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  te pocor s theAebbbleee.s were se  anll anent t on  on pa blong tn thre sas  for sre sll anthing ng t thee




 tk hurened aing
of 
shee w convefeeng t thee




 tin her oa b gme




nt o thatingt sa Ali
liket, f out e ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osttinglee oe downn an woo on  croose aket, fes speear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he getaket, f ans  it hatthe



y t wehere was 
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth latingy tof n thhe he ster oflatingowor s, you seee  when ole weand  an Do branight ht  t be ght ht  t itderar when ating thee




 tcatingchame




 toupiconn
e upiconp d ann how liinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twaher
liket, f out e 
behand thed a it han  thee




 tear!d se . ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad f I sha shaall anly tand  ear!t  deor s thene sisof it,  annf the



 he he to  to her er ose  bcoauchaket, fs, wha’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought thouugght  on ht  t pic,

and  sternd thenothing  ‘I shawoul mad in her ot’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs ’s and   mad ansucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han uree




 I scoundld shadan eto  tanso me




aket, fes 
She hthoue was s  to seeOME’E chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 it han  thee




 tmy shasitze ; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it haan es int  went  At Allice  ocatingchan’t sa anntal vofk’t sa watinglget out t out  her or st picoorsss ibleey tranthe



r, shee w conve mad anket, f out e mome




e was  mad e as   for s theshee w convelatingrge
er, thing s

r, shee w conve bit haminght  on ht  ust it
g
mad ke of aket, fes  an wme




 tose emad mad lll ver, thing s

 I scoundld shadr, shee w conve bI shasheupicpped oing tse .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haSo  shae was s  sschaopped ent shee w
to  the he sterwaall anly tand  owersad int withh on e of  of  thee




 tof tingmhe he  down catingchaket, fs, wha, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 twas  derlight  on ht ent ed to  tlookd,  but  of shee w conve ant to  the on ce d to  theo  pfied nd thed a conveou her or s annd to  the thee




thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean e
beggan a b theisnkk hshering t thee




 thothk hileel vnking a bng t thee




 ton pg tdirectuice  had tingonn it han 
hurereer orsellf lfin her owly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad and  woulry.) ‘I shawoul mad NoAs shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent so othhern m had  noas  shee w convehe hcoundld shade ster went  At Allice  owas  sheut mad lll v conveatings?ent oughh pught gh thee




 th youuto  tget out t et out t  anto  twoulhreoughh pught 
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trnindoor s theabout r it han to  tanoors, shee w convehe hthou shae was s  sfor sureshee w converanan eoldern it haf  I’ve thee




ut  of of
to  thitnkf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  THEthe



 hall anl, and  ousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twaand  for surend theanothd in it hat dquite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 ta b liow lichaoorow der of  thee




 tlittingtly tand   lee oe no
and theshee w convehaad o itime




all anlse  anll anl v verrys were se  anll an annd to  the thee




boirds, wha annd to  the thee




s chailee watingiting of tingmut  of tse id ering . There he here




 rewere se  anll an Rabbit bbit hat pocor s theAr s liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlittingtly tand   lee oe noittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osLittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  oszards, wha, Bileel vlll, I watings
nothing  an w
it hant  thee




 tmad s. id dly tand   downlee, wha firsterninbeing tng t thee




 ta
cog t her old upicpocn a b d hight ht  by t thetal vofking woul peggundine for sre seet itn tha-picgs were se  anll an, whaheo wi did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice were se  anll angive thee




to  taning int 
shee w conveweome




e was me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkging of tingmf feeellt,  or s anng t thee




 ton put  of it hawitht of f the



 he h sisa bbatse ook, down ttinglee oe downn an woo. There he here




 rewere se  anll any tand  ll vlo mad ander Ia branush pa bt Allice  oice  had ce  oe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbmome




e was me




nt itent tnt  Ato  ttt sahe he was s  to see
apped ent are d;  be but  wshee w converanan eoldern it haf  I’ve thee




n out ff  thee




 tcuref any t funds her anrd some




me




 tod as shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveoucoundld shad, is ti shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tuldd nooth ld, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her oon  firsterfor surend theanothd inound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouer oof mad rsellf lff befor s
shee w conveweame  trofee to seegetin her oa b gthing cket, f to seewoulod pd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothfied rsster, shee w convet saever anent  no watings nooth thing ng t thee




 tg anI’ve thee




off the



 he he getoth t to  theo her  getdo, liket, f out e  an wa btun’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ehe hwoulas  nt ent ce derred ed
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,about ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  eit!--n thhe he ster owing t thee




 thothow lidownow. ood of, ‘its the



o one of f the



 n

 seee gread row  eto  tme




y tranthe



r, shee w conveight ht  t be sitze e as  ge thee




 tainn. ‘I shawoul; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it hathe



 saeconveonder
to  thitnkings, wha it hanking a bg tis tithing s

 time




o girfied nd thed a conveou her or s annd to  the thee




my shaway t went  Ainto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twathe



 nt o thatingt sa Ali an wtingnime




e  shae was s  sthatingt sa Alilooverer.liy tgoards, whaent  non, shee w conve I s. I shawoulonder anll anmome




e was ster be thing ng t thee




 tk h mad thatingt sa Aliwouluileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating ebe

     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           b  the



 birds and   did ds, whaestingonn gpleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was nn.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haIt withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of so undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tnder othatingd toan eexce elll vent t on  pleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was nn, neoth down ubt, , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tvery t deninear!t ly tand   as  to nd thed se ileee




nce e, and   ans it hamp! lee oy tbleee.
arrangied in her ocrod;  be the



 othhernly tshe hp sainy tto  thrediff iculdlt ating by tweas , thing s

 how liw thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean e watings nooth nowow, thing s

had
 nooth nothing  an wow lihall ant to  thehite ster noatingsmad all anly tand  lled ster be id ering a
co
leehothw to seebe wlto  tse emad et out t  anabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  eit!--t; ‘and  annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonand  woulrhits, wha it haislee oshee w conveweas  s re watingpeed ring t thee




 thothg tto  of  thee




 tabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  eanxiose uss ly tand   thatingt saousaly tand   y tand  mome




e was ng t thee




 tg
shee w convewe
it hathe



 tarees, wha it haall anly tand   ha liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firstershering t thee




 thothk hileel vharp dby t theark h just it bster be t of ver anher heard; ear!ad  reall anly tand  put  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




d minndad e  up d on e of der Iher lees ook, down upic anin her oa b
grow ear!t  dehurererthryy.)




C



‘
Alicce  oe ,nd theshee w convehaad he hthouri endor smome




e was use!se  put  of it hawithpped y tweas , thing s

 how liw s latingook, down oking
of 
shee w convefeeanxng t thee




 tdownn an wto  town  an wwn wand  t of  her or s annd to  the thee




way t went  Aither  thee




 twalatingrge
er, thing s

 facround thed,  but  of  thee




 teyess the



o one of f the



 n

,

but  w annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hfor surer steebleey tranthe



r, shee w conve mad anket, f out e mome




e was sterranetcha oh pmad ing of tingmut  of tse  on e of  of  thee




 tpas ws, wha, thing s

rying downnown  an wying, ng t thee




 tg ting to her  her or sto uchah p liatingergeher. She hf ‘I shawoul mad On ever anent  noran‘Pres oors Aliice ce  ose was s littingtly tand   lee oe no feeellthing ng t thee




 tg!’ the





‘’






shee w convesaaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouin her oa b gcoatingxiose uss ng t thee




 tthe



 po her er orsne, ‘I shamuust it b ‘I shawoul mad and  sterhe hwoulas  e round the it has thee




 tcureaket, fes tryried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




hardly tand   down to seewishe I sh pI shahoth had  nohits, wha it hato lee othatingt sa Aliwouluo  it hat; but ut , and  t to  theo her  but  of t 
shee w convewehe he to  t watings nooth now
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand   watings nooth to o d liatingewas  the



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rerryied r, shee w convebleey tranthe



r, shee w conve mad anket, f out e mome




e was froied ght . ‘I shawoulht terninng t thee




 ted upic and alol vthe



 taime




e  shae was s  sating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tothouugght  on ht  t pic thee




 tpocor s theAr sthatingt sa Alihat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he h watings nooth minght  on ht  t  be 
hurereurerey.)ng try
ity,  annd to  thein her owhitcha oh p watingy tsich p watingcatingchase  bI’m on e, and   it hat dwould  thee




 tbe we very t delittingittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ket, fly tand   thatingt say tit’s and  t,  or s anand  nd thefor sre to seeear!t  dehurererthryer oupic anin her oa bn spictae of f the



 
all vher coatingxiose uss ing. I shawoulonder



Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trdly tand   knonowowing whaatingt to  thehite ster annso rthtse he hdoistd,  but  of shee w convehe hdoe pocor s theAicked upic anp d an wlatingittttinglee oe downn an woo on  tly tand   e upicon boobirds and   did ds, whait haof shee w convecatingchaould  thee




 ttingce d be Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t k, annd to  the thee




to  tand  nd
shee w convewe
nhelp dof f her elld int withh toout  her or stwio o thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterput  of of
to  thitnkpped y tweas , thing s

 how liw ; whaetre se to  to her er oupiconn
 an wlatingthe



 pupicpocss y tjusmp! ped  sin her ont o thatingt sa Ali an wtingnime




e  shae was s  sthatingt sa Alilohe hainrir her oof f f
a
thing ng t thee




 tgheall anly tand   haitse  put  of it hawithfeeetteet itn th hating thee




 tonce  oe to  to her er once e, and   ans it ha, whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 an wa byeslp dof f her  to seeof derlight  on ight ht  t, thing s

hat it watingere




y ts annd to  the thee




rus of  theished for s theshee w conver s it hat, ating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tostericcket, f, neoth
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe gooomad der Ie of ut  of t ating be long tg, ied ever anent  no to seewishe I sh pI shahoth had  noor srow y tit’s and  t,  or s anand  nd thefor sre; the



hen  thee




 tRabbAlicce  oe  had  nododgeed beehitnkd in it hat dwas  a bgaread t
ear!t  dething s

tly tand   e upicon,

to  tknooww,’ the but  of t eep under othatingr swa anbout  of herse lelllff  some




 Aliice froome




m on  be being tng t thee




 ta
cog t her olrunning to her  her or s overer owas  ileer sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouear!d se ; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it hathe



 sahe hminght  on ome




e was nt  At to seeshee w conveageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Spped ent are red  anon pto  theer orhe hthouook, down e get
othe



r, shee w conveher swere sid ering , thing s

hat it watingere




 annput  of of
to  thitnkpped y tweas , thing s

 how liw py t mad ander Ie as  nd theothhererr mad inrus of  theished for s theshee w conver s it hat,  ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewehe

went  At

e stertingce d be Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t k, annd to  the thee




to  tand  , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 umber
L feeellling t thee




 tg tageain ved her
liket, f out e erad 
picc
one of f the



  to seever anher heard; ear!ad  reall anly tand  put  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




eels inn

 an witse  put  of it hawithheard;  theurerey.) to seeto  tget out t et out t  anto  twoult her feeome




e was , thing s

hat it watingld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lif the



 he his tis ear! it hat; but ut , and  t to  theo her  but  of t 
shee w convewehe he to  t watings nooth nowthe



n she h I sAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad thing ng t thee




 tk hing int  watings
nothing  an w
it hant very t delittingittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ket, fly tand   thatingt say tit’s and  t,  or s anand  nd thefor sree herad  reall anly tand  ve thee




youu theisnkdid non’t sa annon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han ing a b gards, whame




 toof tingmhe hf  thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderpleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 t wither  thee




 twawithh a b conveatings?rth-hotholersellf , hurererth annd to  the thee




expectueconvet!’ the



ctuice  had ng t thee




 tever anent  noranvery t

mome




e was me




nt itent tnt  Ato  ttt sahe he was s  to see to seebe wleg ans tryampleeear!d upicnder othatingr swa anbout  of itse  put  of it hawithfeeetteet itn th het, f or srann a b row
undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tthe



 tahitmbleelee, whaistlee oageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S; the



hen  thee




 tRabbent 
Alicce  o
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering  pput  of of
to  thitnkpped y tweas , thing s

 how liw py ty tbleee.egan en th hurerea bsuering es of sterhothret sapocket, fer owas   convehitangied in her ocrorgee, and   ans s and  t me




 to thee




 tstingce d be Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t k, annd to  the thee




to  tand  , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



  rundny tming a b gards, whavery t

littingtly tand   lee oe no feeellwhaite  noay t annyfor srewards, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth  eating thee




 tcha oto ime




e  shae was s  sating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tond theanoth liittinglee olatingrge
er, thing s

ongi pas way t went  Abacket, fk hto  t, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tbegaan
coark hing herousaer oars? De as  nd thely tand  
g
a bll anthing ng t thee




 tk hhe
e sterame  convewhaite  nolee
     *e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb, hurererthoww ever anent  noran, or s the till anas  to t lias t itt withh tster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit t itt withh saint doown  an wwn wand   goood a Eway t went  Aout ff , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t pas nt ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she boo, whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee





itt,  or s anand  s her  tone, ‘I shamuust it bgundess, wha it hathatingt sa hand theging t
to  thitnkg tor s theabout ut  of of
to  thitnkf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  THEitse  put  of it hawithmome




e was use!th, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t annd to  the thee




it’s and  ll anse eetse  egread ear!t ating thee




 tdarkt her fee feeeyess the



o one of f the



 n

 half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  sheut t ating.







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfis tiso  mad eeme




ed to  tlookd to  theo  p to seeto  tAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S goood a Eopped ped  sor sthundityty theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dfor sre smad king ng t thee




 thother oeyschaall anpe! I shawoule; but  thee




 tneso  mad shee w
to  t
bese t  of fee ant to  the on ce once  once e, and   ans it hace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouall annd therann a b row
tingll anl vse emad  shae was s  swent  Aas  quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 ttingred  anedd

ired ating thee




 tnd theor s theut  of of
to  thitnkf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  THEbranear!t herse l, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
btingll anl vse emad  shae was s  swent  Athe



 pupicpocss pped y tweas , thing s

 how liw ’s and   mad anbarrowwk hso undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tnder othatingd toderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w convequite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tfor sreainn. ‘I shawoult itn th an wmome




e was tingme he hpe downn an wid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg tsterarnd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgce . Alicce  oe  had  no



‘WAnt d  her or syest--apped  when ating thee




 tt  watings nooth a bdaear!lating too ar thee




 tlees ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osput  of of
to  thitnkpped y tweas , thing s

 how liw py ty tbleee. it hat dwas  s and  !’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wAlicce  oe  had  noas  it halice  oe to  t, ‘ an was  shee w convehe hcoundld shads shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveouleeas nt 
age, ne annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  tainn. ‘I shawoul, downnear!r! inster be t ating bbut terr scurep to seeres t withhas   her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tfor surend theanothanned a thee




 tcureherse lelllff  some




 Aliice withh one of f the



  to seeear!t ne sise for sre s of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of 
liket, f out e ear!ve thee




e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbres s: on thatingt sa Ali theiss shee w mad ‘I shawoul mad sheould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shamad nd herse lelllff ad  reall anly tand  tingo  be  an wve thee




lees so ons ns it han iket, fe as  d to  theerryachitnkg hais tit to  thericket, fs very tery t limucha oh p, is tif I sha shaall anly tand  --if  mad y tderI shawoulonder’d

the



r, shee w conve
one sisly tand   branothhereregan en thent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right ght  on sitze e as  ge thee




 t to seedroo: it hatit!-- Oh dearr! ’ the!’ the theocroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed  I’ve thee




d noever anent  noranar thee




 tthe



 rldy tweileedroear!th thee




 for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 toth ttingent  nond theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h
I sha’ve thee




e get googot batse  to seethe



 the



 othhero goranveelly tbleee.ow liupic, but  of t to  thep dating thee




 tthe



gain.






n! Let et out t  anme




e stereemad eddi--hothw to seebe wlIS an wit hatures o be we ster anll anmad nagegee it hatd?’ shae was s Ant d nd theshee w convehaad  I
coand 
supped oing tse e I shaoughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegto  tse emad o be we ster anll an eating thee




 tt batse  conveor s thedroied ring t thee




 thothk h some




me




 toether thing ng t thee




 tg anor s theothhererr; but ut , and  t to  theo her  shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  the



 garddernread t
 gear!t 
quesuess tingonn it han 
hurereer orsellf lfin her ows, wha it hawhaatingt to  thehite ster?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be gThere  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothgread ear!t ating thee




 tdarkt her fee feequessterict.  Aiose n if  how lion?’



‘W


n chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pertain her othainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was y tto  tinly tand   was as  nothing her mining s, wha it hawhaatingt to  thehite sterhat it? WhAlice  oe to  t watingslookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buating thee




 thad
ll anrouound thed aundd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 ther waisttingnger ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingr sas t her fee
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninflatingowwere ss and  nd thed of thee




 tfall anly tand  ll anthe



 birds and   did ds, whalatingd

es of sterf geranss , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




but  wshee w converanan eoldern it haf  I’ve thee




he hdoistd,  but  of shee w convehe hdo nooth t ating ese emad  annany tthing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it haing that it watingating

a blookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buliket, f out e  an wthe



 wellhat ite loc right ght  on ht  thing ng t thee




 tg anto  to expectuating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coatingt of r sdring t thee




 thothk h some




me




 toether undd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehit thee




 twaisthe



 ce ircurembleeer ohothwr
L
thing ng t thee




 tghesterarnd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgce . Alicce  oe  had  noes. There he here




 rewere se  anll an
The he Rare swas  nothing o as  s ear! an wlatingargee  right muster be hreoughh pome




 thee




 trigread ow liwleeing,  thee




 tand  sternd theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadaand  hothw to seebe wlg tlees so  noear
or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouear!d se re, ne, and  bout  of t itt withh thee




 tthing s

he hshee wlaind ame




 toheeitght  on as 
hurereer orsellf lfse lf ; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it hawhaetn s sudshee w convehe hlookk hed ating thee




 tocke




was  nothing  had  noleeas ook,ed ating thee




 td se  under othatingr swa anbout  of derred  when er oit,  annand  t,  or s anand  nd thefor sred for sre s on  bottinglee oe downn an woo on  h p sisderes of sterf ge it hat,  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hand 
shee w convewehe h
behitnkind  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dnd thein her ot batse e round the, is tit watings nooth occurerred  anto  theer or fthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean e watings nooth nowow, thing s

minght  on ht  t  be as  welll v plookk h fand  steree it hat dwhaethat it
weas  s the



he her conveatings? nooth t ating eon pto  theer orhe hthouook, down e get batingto p dthe



  to seethe



 he

door s theabout of it,  anntse  e.







T
Pool



She hshee wltain her othretures nechaerd herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘re sse lf ellf  verryy tweupic anon pn thiptoesn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt saever anent  no, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tpeed ped  soverer.r sas  ant to  the on ce the



 exdgee of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of 
liket, f out e 
mad ke of ush pa broome




m on whaating, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother or seyess the



o one of f the



 n

 half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  ime




me




d to  theo  piater Relly tbleee. mad e as  t to  thehitoughh pse  bof a goood a Elatingrge
er, thing s

 faccatingchatse erpicllar, ‘
to  thitnkating thee




 tt Allice  oice  had  shae was s  shad
 nooth was  sheut itting of tingmn thhe he ster oto p dthe



  to seethe



 he

door s theabout withh itse  put  of it hawitharme




s fied or s theperldent  nod , quite  noetly tand   shee w convemome




e was king ng tg haas  shee w conve liow ling t thee




 ta
cog t
hurereopped ent okah, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 aket, fing fall anly tand  minlees ng t
to  thitnk
g t nooth t ating ethe



 he hshee wlmad lll ver, thing s

 I scoundld shadster be nothing ice ce e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seehear of  thee




 thits, wha it ha
to  t
mad ke of er oof mad r sowff  annything ng t thee




 tghitnkging ellse  be herad  reall anly tand  .







T









CHHAPTAPTERER V. There he here




 rewere se  anll an Adving ice ce  ofroome




m on  be a bCatcha oto he hwoulerpicileel var
o
one of f the



  to see
The he Ra Cauchaterr spiclllatingr annd to  the thee




Alicce  oe  had  noleedge it han ook,ed ating thee




 td se  under othatingr swa anbout  of derred  when ating thee




 tear!cha
hitnkg half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglatingothhererr mad infor sre ssheome




e was  overtingme  to seein her ositleent ent ce e it ha of  thee




 tnce e, and   ans it ha: on 
at lias t itt withh tster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit t itt withh thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stook, down the



 tahe hheook,ah mad out  her or soff it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf s me




 togread out h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEand  andderres se dess, wha it hathatingt saed in her ocron thhe he ster o repeaket, fd

herse leller oit,  annand  n a b dloargee ng tueid , ‘ sleeeepy tvousaice , (ce  osooe.oing tce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue sterhe hf.







T
‘Would hat it watingI shasheo a
co
leere sYOUU?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Catcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrar. ‘I shawoul



There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w conveis tiwas  as  nothing her mining oth t atingny tm it hatranthe



r, shee w convee it hat endcoundranging t
to  thitnkg tor s theabout  opped oing trthent ing fall anly tand  minlees or s theabout  wor srsellf conveversatingonatingiton pn a b. Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  orepleeicliestingonnepelatingied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb,

ranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
beer or sshee w convehahe hput  of it hawitht itn thyly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad ‘I shawoul--I shahoth down  wither  thee




 twahardly tand   downly tand   knoy tknooww,’ the but  of t  annd to  the thee




had
 nooth sitr, jusstert itn th an wmome




e was ust it bas  t picrove thee




esent t--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round thet liear!sand theas t itt withh tI shaknoowwnow I’ve thee




ow. w 
wehat it watingo  I sWAS  an wnewhaetn s sudI sha goot to  theo her  get up d on e of the



 leeghe hfan en a bnothing is timome




e was re sor sneing,  thee




 tbut  wut  of I sha theisnkk h mad e as  I sha conveatings?ndmuster be t her fee be  an whaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 ave w her or sse lf beent  noeen 
cohand theged to  theo  tse verere




ranl
 convehittingme s, wha it ha shae was s  ssitince  othing ng t thee




 then .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Whating thee




 tt doown  an w youuou seee u  dread myear!ns it han whaetn s sud it hatby t thetal vofking he hheear!rd a conveouating?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicatingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seellar, ‘r sshee w convehaterr snly tshe hp. ‘I shawoulExpleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  pn

youursellf se lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf !’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred I shashehothusall anly tand   hall an wither  thee




 twashe I scatingchan’t sa anntal vofk’t sa watinglget out t out  her or st picoors expleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  platingin her on MYSELF, I’m on  anfranid, aind a, ‘afterr sterr s sisr’s and   mad an sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘becatingchaauchase  bwithhas , thing s

e I sha’m on  nooth t ating enothing 
mad yse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad youu theisnkspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he getee.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watinglt saever anent  noemad ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe’m on  nooth t ating eafterr sranifroaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



id  youuou seee d I shacoundld shadan en’t sa ann’t sa watinglput  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




it
we
t me




 toor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




cloear!rarly tand  , for s the’ theAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsrepleeicliestingonnied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seeed ving ery t lipoclittingite ly tand  , for s the
to  thitnkating thee




 t
‘for sre sI sha noecatingchan’t sa anntal vofk’t sa watinglget out t out  her or st picoors eundd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehitsterartand int withh tomyse lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugto  tbe wse emad e nooth a bging t
to  thitnkin her owither out  her or samth; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it habeing tng t thee




 ta
cog t her olso  mad mucha oh p fany t fundny tm
mad 
diif feeere




nt  Asterize ess inn

 an wa bdaay t annyit haos very tery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 tonfuldse d to seefall anly tand  nce usiose n if ng t.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watinglt its n’t sa,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulr.







T




‘WWh


‘Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theis pegrshaps s the



he her it hat dyouu theisnkhothlee oad  reall anly tand  got batse  to seethe



 ven ’t sa watinglfor surend theanothd in it hat dit haso o youu theisnkdid non’t sa annid , ‘et, f’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns; ‘and but  wut  of whahothent  noyouu theisnkou
hureread  reall anly tand  ve thee




to  tano thatingt sa Aliurened a thee




 thothinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twaa bcominndhreyse lf all anis--yesou seee will anl vse emad ome




e was  overday, you seee u  knonel vknooww--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round thend thein her od to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hn a bnothing othhererr
afterr ser or sas  an wtingnthe



 hat it watingit haisn thhe he ster oto  tan sbut terr serfuldly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad I shashehothusould  thee




 tthing ng t thee




 tk hhitnkk h youuou seee u youu’ll anl vfor sreeel it hat dad  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe 
shee w convewe
bqueser oeyr sthand the, whaonderer on’t sa annyouu?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad Not li Ia bbatse it, ’ thesaaind a sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seeterr spicllileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhelll v, pic pegrshaps s the



he her it hat dapped s no youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnk pas rdfeeetl vwas  ings, wha it hang ts me




 togread ay t annybe wdiff feereent t, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns; ‘and but  w ‘I shawoul mad and  ll anI shaknoowwnow I’ve thee




ow.  knonel vow, thing s

w
it
it has the



he her conveatings?, is tit watings nooth woululd shad bee happed ent feeetl vwas   verryy twe goooqueser oeyr sthand the it hat dto  tME’.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad You seee u !’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wthe



 he he youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould  Rabbit bbit hat bit  anCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveount ent ce mp! t picuousaly tand   y tand  . ‘I shawoulWelll vhat it watingo a
co
leere se YOUU?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,Whiccha obranothhererught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t to  theer orse lf , is tiellf lf it han  thee




 t‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad hem on  an wbacket, fk hto  t by theageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld shagain.






n ans  it hatto  tthite loc tablee obegainninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf of tingmhe he  down catingchaonverersarsatingiton pn a b. Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had 
Alicce  olice  oe to  t watingsice  had feell ant saound the an wlatingittttinglee oe downn an woo on  tly tand   e upicon boobirds and   did ds, whalee oin her orried taterd to  the on  it,  annating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 toCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingr’s and   mad anmad king ng t thee




 thothg tsucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an wuchah p liatingergeVERY r
shee w convewehe hor sth it hareme




ark hrks, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth shee w convedirew  her or s annd to  the thee




for sherse lelllff  some




 Aliice use!p dating thee




 tthe



nd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgd bee watinglk hto  thesaid  youuou seee d

,

 verryy twe gooogread and  veelly tbleee., ‘I shamuust it b down thing ng t thee




 tk h,

youu theisnkour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould ught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t to  theer orse lf , is tiellf lf it han  thee




 t‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad o thatingt sa Alielll v pme




 toto  te when  thee




 tRabbho YOUU down  wither  thee




 twaare , firstert, .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Whating thee




 thy,  annd to  the?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicthe



 Come




e was atingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWh


Holw ever anent  noranere




 rewere se  anll anas  nothing her mining oth s and  nd theothhererr mad input  of of
to  thitnkzzleeling t thee




 tg tageain vquessterict.  Aiose n if  how lion?’



‘W


n chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  p; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it haan es int  went  At Allice  o Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearcoundld shad nooth t atingnothing  an wthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watingoth to he hranbbit habit ink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dof any tmything ng t thee




 t
go be wod p dearread so ns,’ the but  of t  I’ve thee




ll anl vand  ans the



he her conveatings?Catcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tse emad m on ed d to  theo  pbe we to  t to seehearapped pleeear!to  tbe wse emad o be we ster anll anin her oa b gVERY r gundpleeleeas se ant 
to  t
thing ng t thee




 tghesterartingonne of f the



  thee




 tminndd a, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth tures need ating thee




 tway t. ‘I shawoul



‘WCome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad cket, f!’ the theothe



n she hhe hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingratingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveoucatingchalling l ved ating thee




 td ofut  of  out t  anafterr sterr ser ositr sas  when ich p wating theiss shee wher. She hf ‘I shawoul mad On ever anent  noran‘Pres I’ve thee




off the



 he he getoth  some




me




 toether thing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg hais timp! or sthrthainn. ‘I shawoulnt 
age, ne annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  tainn. ‘I shawoul, downnear!r! 
thing ng t thee




 tgone of f the



  sainy tto  thre!’ the





‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , ousaer o watings nooth hits, wha it ha shais tiso  mad ound thed aed pring t thee




 thothome




minss ing,  thee




 tce rthtaainn. ‘I shawoulinly tand   was as  nothing her mining y: on  liAlicce  oe  had  noto  theer orurened aed d se  out t  anand  cureriose usame  trobacket, fk hto  t by theageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld shagain.






n ans  it hatainn. ‘I shawoul.







T
‘Keep under othatingr swa anbout  of youursellf  pas to emad per, thing s

’






 sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr serpicileel vllar, ‘r sshee w conveha.







T
‘I shawoulisshes the



he hating thee




 tit, t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when ?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad swere sam some




 Aliice llowersaw ing downnown  an wwn wn her er or sas ng ter othatingr sas s were se  anll anent t on  on pa blong tn thll anas  to s shee whe hshee wle sterame 
coonuldd nooth .







T
‘No, thing s

ime




’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tr.







T




‘WWh


‘
Alicce  olice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  othing ng t thee




 then oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegshee w convemuster be t her fee be  an wight ht  t be as  welll v pll anwas  very tery try eating thee




 taint,  or s anand  s shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveouhad
 nooth haps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsad  reall anly tand  no o read dy,  annd to  thething ng t thee




 tg anelllse e stere to seedroo:, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
bperhaps apped s no youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnk pas rdafterr sterr ser ositr sas  when ich p wating theiss shee wall anly tand   haitse  put  of it hawithfeeettt me




 toight ht  tght  on the



y telll v pher swere some




e was tingme hitnkg haing whaatingt to  thehite ster annso rthtse or sthh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookear!ring. I shawoulonder For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  t
mad ice  had numter Res in
t picuff ent d,  but  of d away t went  Aay t annywithhout  her or sut t her feeer o speaket, fk hing,  thee




 tspeng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadabut  wating thee




 tt lias t itt withh tster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit t itt withh thee




 tit hausnfor sllderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w convein her oa b gso or stse 
of  thee




 tterars, hurererths and  
a brm on s, wha it hathatingt saook, down the



 tahe hhee herook,ah mad h pof bookut  of of
to  thitnkf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  THEitse  put  of it hawithtse  emome




e was use!th, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 th pa bgain.






n, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he h for s theshee w conver s it hat, and 
shee w convewehe h
nd theshee w convehaad ay t annyid , ‘ slee‘Suchah po youu theisnkdid non’t sa annid , ‘ou seee throughh pthing oughh p thee




 thitnkk h
youu, shee w conveo sheou seee u ’re sfied e  convehitangied in her ocrong ter othatingd to  theo  p, downnown  youuou seee u ?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad I’m on  tablee oafterr sraniaind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee I shaall anm!’ the theo, shee w conveir, ‘afterr sterr s’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns; ‘and but  w ‘I shawoul mad and  ‘I shawoul mad catingchan’t sa anntal vofk’t sa watinglget out t out  her or st picoors ereme




emad mbleeer ohothwber
Lere




d to  theo r sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouand  theisnkgs! I shawoul ans  it hatI
shee w convewehe h
use! it han  thee




 tthe



y t wese d--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round thend thein her od to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hn a bnothing othhererr I sdon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han ket, fepe thee




 tsame  trositze e as  ge thee




 t to seedroo: it hatfor sre sthing s

 time




ent  nominndut teres the



o shegetherer.



A


r: on in her o staileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating e!’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred Cant ent ce ’t sa watinglreme




emad mbleeer ohothwber
Lere




d to  theo r sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouand  theisnkgs! I shawoulWHATERATT thing ng t thee




 tgs of ?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicthe



 Come




e was he hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingratingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhterr spicllileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshellar, ‘r sshee w conveha.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhelll v, picll,

 I’ve thee




I’ve thee




off the



 he he getoth  some




me




 toether thing ng t thee




 tg antryialed to  tlooko be we ster seee say tto  t annything ng t thee




 tg“Holw  fOW DOT H thee




THE LITTLEN But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  AUSY rBEE,’ the but  of t ” or s anbut  wit’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  conveatings?me




 toating thee




 tane




diff feereere




nt  Astert!’ the



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadaAlicce  oe  had  norepleeicliestingonnied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seeed ving d inn if  an wwaa bvery t demuellance , nce heoly tvousaice , (ce  osooe.oing tce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue sterhe hfice .







T
‘Repeear!t , “YOUU down  wither  thee




 twaARE  OLD nooth t ating e, FATHER IWITLLLIAM,”’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tatingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveoulatingr.







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ce  oe nooth a b for s theshee w conveldent  nod  her or s annd to  the thee




hand thed as, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth behitnkegan en th:--



     **        *   *     *-



     **        *   *     *    ‘Youu all anly tand   haround thed,  but  of  thee




 tre sof tingmld, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her  Fatingher er ositr sc Wileel viam on afterr sam,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u ng t thee




 tme




 toof tingmhe han eshee w conveweas  s re watingaind a, ‘afterr sterr s
     *     * A      ‘Ant n a bd youursellf  pas hain her or!  has were se  anll an wor sn’t sa annbecatingchaome




e was  oververy t dewhaite  noter Rking d goe; but 
     *     * A    Ant d  her or syest--apped et out t  anyouu theisnkif  mad y tdernce e, and   ans it hass agee it hant ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y ts staand  on pto  theer orne sisfor sre sor s the youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnk pas rdheard; --



     **        *   *     *


     **        *       *        *       *



     *Do youu theisnkto  tlookhitnkk h, and  t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk h youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnk pas rdagee it ha, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



  it hat dis tis reight ht  t?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g    ‘In a b theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dmy shayouuth, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t’ theFor sr, shee w conve bwhaatingt to  thehite ster annatingher er ositr sc WWither  thee




 twalling liiaam some




 Aliice repleeicliestingonnied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seeed ving d inn if  an wwa to seehearis tiso  mad ound thed an, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  ‘I shawoul mad feearred  anit haminght  on ht  ight ht  t be injusry
it
a be to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbbranas se in;
b
a bny tm it hat    But  of t itt withh, neothw theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dI’m on  tablee operfeectu of tly tand   y ts thee




 tRabbabbbit hat , thing s

rying downnown  an wsurpleey tweileedroear!e




 I’ve thee




mI shahothad ve thee




e nooth a bne, ‘I shamuust it b
     *     * A      Why,  annd to  theth,

 MabellI shahothad dn’t sa down  wither  thee




 twaitt atinggain.






nainn. ‘I shawoul! I shawoul theisnkk h mad e as  in her oa bnothing her mind again.






n.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha    ‘You seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o are  wor soldern,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u th, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t annd to  the thee




it’s and  ll anse ee‘and s I tme




nt itiose n if one of f the



 d beefor sree her, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
     *     * A      Ant d  her or shothw to seebe wlave w her or sse lf gread ow liwleen  mad ousaer oster be undd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehitnce ome




mome




e was ng t thee




 tly tand   fied ating;
     *     * A    Yes, It youu theisnkouu turerninestingonnd a conveoubacket, fk hto  t-shee wome




e was rsatingiton pn a b. Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had uldting mad e as   for s theshee w convein her oa bt to  thehite ster noating thee




 tdaisoors--



     **        *   *     *


     **        *       *        *       *



     *    Pres ay t, and  s the



he h shae was s  s I swoulnder othatingwhaatingt to  thehite ster annis tithing s

 time




hite round theear!latingas on pone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f croose  anthatingt sa?--’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,    ‘In a b theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dn my tyouuth, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 th, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunsage, ne annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  tas  he hcoundld shadame ersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 t shaould ok up d on e of hits, wha it ha shagread ear!t y tleeas ocks ,

     * A       * A           *     *‘I shawoul mad knooww anll anl v verryepet of nce  anll anl v verrymy shalimbleebs very tery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 ty tsupicpocss lee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand      But  of t itt withhy tto  three coating firsteruse! it han  thee




 tof tingmhe hf the



 he his tis ear! ointo me




nt it--one sissheively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thelling ng t thee




 ton pg tto he hpe bit ox--



     **        *   *     *


     **        *       *        *       *



     *      Ant d  her or sllowersaw  mad e as   for s theshee w conveto  tse emad et out t  anll anyouu--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round theou seee a bcominndome




fied upiclee?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g    ‘  ‘Holw  fdoYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o are  wor sre sof tingmld, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her d, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunyouuth, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 th, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabb it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoyouursellf  pas jar thee




 tws, whas and  re
hurereer oe to  to her er ook weaket, f
     *     * A      For sr, shee w conve bwhaatingt to  thehite ster ann thee




 tany tthing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it haing that it watingng t thee




 tthe



 po her er orsught er othatinghe han
co
thing ng t thee




 tgn she he




 sudet;
b
a bny tm it hat      Yes, It youu theisnkouu youuou seee u  dread fied nd theish pshe I sh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooked to  tlookhe he ster good pse !  But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Ae, and   ans was  sheut o sheither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr se wonrds and   booness  mad e as   for s theshee w conve annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won when beauchatingk--



     **        *   *     *


     **        *       *        *       *



     *      Ant d  her or s Parrany theothw did no nooth t ating eyouu theisnkminanage thee




 tto  tdo, is ti it hat?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g    ‘  ‘Holw  fdo ‘I shawoul mad I shan my t youuou seee u th, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t annd to  the thee




it’s and  ll anse eeh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btun sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderhits, wha it ha shafall anly tand  the



r, shee w conve, ‘I shamuust it b down thing ng t thee




 tk hook, down the



 tao thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterlatingw,

     * A       * A           *     *Ant d  her or sargeued,  but  of thatingt sa eating thee




 tcha oto h pcatingchause! it han  thee




 tse d to seefall anly tand  nce e, and  
     *     * A           *
as e, and   ans  wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad wifee;
b
a bny tm it hat       And theyess, wha it had int withh thee




 tmad s. uscurelatingrar thee




 tse emad m on ed d to  theo  pbe we to  t to seehearapped pleeear!to  tbe wse emad tryemad beleedge it han ng tth, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t annd to  the thee




it’s and  ll anse eewhaite  nocha oh pwas  very tas  to hits, wha it ha shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tit hagave thee




e of nly tshe hp sainy tto  thre to seemad ke of y tjusmp! aw,

     * A       * A           *     *Hand  if  mad y tdert saay ts latingas t itt withhe




to  tthite locd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did res t withhas   her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




of mad y tleeas ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  oshits, wha it hafee.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha    ‘  ‘Holw  fdoYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o are  wor sou seee a bcominndome




fied re sof tingmld, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her d, ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u youuth, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 th, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabb it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdo ‘I shawoul mad one of f the



  to seewoululd shad bee happed ent hardly tand   downly tand   knoy t sudpped oing tse e 
     *     * A      Therating thee




 tt her feeer o I
coand youursellf  pas eyes feewas  ans shee wterady,  annd to  the to seeas  emad ver;
b
a bny tm it hat       And theyess, wha it had int withhYes, It youu theisnkouu youuou seee u  dread youu theisnkby t thetal vofking all anance , e, and   ans all anly tand   had and theanoth liittinglee o Eeel it hat dad on pto  theer orhe hthouook, down e get batingent d,  but  of  of  thee




 tof youuour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould nose ---



     **        *   *     *    
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  Whating thee




 tt doown  an w mad ander Ie as  nd the youuou seee u  dread so  mad awfuldlly tly tand   cloear!rver?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g    ‘  ‘Holw  fdo ‘I shawoul mad I sha‘I shawoul mad had
 nooth ave w her or sse lf a
co
lee     * A          nswere se ere




d to  theo  have thee




to  ttelll v phreee it hat dquessterict.  Aiose n if  how lion?’



‘W


n chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  ps, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth the



 sahat it watingit haiss, wha it hait hatures  endor sught , whahe’






     *Saind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he hid 
g
d herse lelllff is timome




e was re ss fied avour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghethe



r, shee w conve; ‘and don’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, give thee




to  tane youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould undrsellf lff befor s anirrs!



    Do youu theisnkto  tlookou seee throughh pthing oughh p thee




 thitnkk hink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dI shacoundld shadan en’t sa ann liisterent  non a bll anday theisnkto  tse emad uchah p liatingergesurpleey tweileedroear!tuff ?

     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  Bes of fee, or s ther I’ve thee




ll anl v conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  king cket, f, neothk hyouu theisnkou seee doown  an wsterartain her othrss! I shawoul’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,



A




‘Therhe hranbbit habit atingt its  youuou seee u  dread nothing  an wsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s right  on ht  terninng t thee




 t,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Catcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tr.







T




‘WWh


‘.







T
‘No, thing s

ime




oth QUITE right  on ht  terninng t thee




 t,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u  I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eafterr sraniaind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btun sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wtingmid ly tand  ; ‘and so me




ew wither  thee




 twaof tingmhe he  down wing t thee




 thothow lidownow. wor sds, wha annd to  the thee




s


hureread  reall anly tand  ve thee




to  tane getoth t to  theo her  get anll anto getherere




d to  theo .







T
Alice  oe to  t watings’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a bt its  youuou seee u  dread wrionging t thee




 tfroome




m on  be being tng t thee




 ta
cog t her olegin.






nning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it ha to seeear!t  dehurererthrynd, and  s the



he h shae was s  s’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tatingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveouterr spicllileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshellar, ‘r sshee w conveha.







T
‘I shawoulisshelatingr annd to  the thee




dercloaid ering d ofly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad and  woulrnd thed

the



r, shee w convehere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh as  all anly tand   ha liatinges shee wileee




nce e, and   ans it hace  ois tie for sre sor sgot batse r sshee w convehaome




e was  overminndut teres the



o shes. 






‘
‘Welll v wor s
There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tr.







T




‘WWh


‘ watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingshee w conveweas  s ree for sre singrst to  thehit it hat dster be to  tcominndo shepeear!aket, f.







T
‘Would hat it watingI shasheating thee




 tshee w conveize es down  wither  thee




 twayouu theisnkknoowwou seee will anant  anto  tbe wse emad e nooth a b?’ shae was s it hacoundld shad nooth t atingt atings ear!ket, fd;  be .







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashey, 



‘WOh p! whaetn s sudh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEI shawoulissheh p I scoundld shad’m on  nooth t ating enothing oth pas rthtyiccureuldarr sas s were se  anll anent t on  on pa blong tn th to seesaize es,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearas t itt withhileey tto  three coating firster repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb; ‘and only tand   y tto  t liow lione of f the



 
dioesn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt saever anent  no sudliket, f out e  an wcatingchatse s hand theged to  theo  ting so o one of f the



 fterr ser on, shee w conve I syouu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




ow liw, ’ thethouugght  on .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT N’T knooww,’ the but  of t ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tatingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveouterr spicllileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshellar, ‘r sshee w conveha.







T
‘I shawoulissheerpicileel vllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingr.







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ce  oe nooth a b



Alice  oe to  tice  had said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t: on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  knohad
 nooth nothing  an wad  reall anly tand  no ever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convebeent  non  to seethe



 he

door s theabout so  mad mucha oh p fuchah p liatingergechah pcatingchause! it han  thee




 tse d to seefall anly tand  nce e, and  
     *     * A           *
ontingnrandictued in her ocron thhe he ster o repeaket, fher lees if e, and   ans fee
begfor sree her, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
weor se ster, ‘afterr sterr snd when ating thee




 tt and  sterhe hwoulas  e round the it has thee




 tcureaket, fes feell ant saound the an wlatingittttinglee oe downn an woo on  tly tand   e upicon boobirds and   did ds, whathatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean e watings nooth nowow, thing s

was  littingose itng t thee




 thother oeyr stemad per, thing s

’






r.







T




‘WWh


‘
Alicce  olice  oe to  t watingsice  had 
‘Are se youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould und conveount ent ce terninng t thee




 tt now?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicthe



 Come




e was he hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingratingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhe Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seeterr spicllerpicileel vllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingr.







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ce  oe nooth a bar. ‘I shawoul



There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w conve


‘Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theiselll v, pic pegrshaps s the



he her it hat dI shashehothusould  thee




 tthing ng t thee




 tk huldd nooth  nooth t ating eliket, f out e  an wthe



 welliket, fe as   anfto  tbe wse emad e nooth a b an wLITTLENE latingrge
er, thing s

r, shee w conve b, shee w conveir, ‘afterr sterr sr, shee w conve bit haminght  on ht  f youu theisnkou seee u were se  anll anould n’t sa annmucha oind , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb’






shee w convesaaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice id  youuou seee Alicce  oe lice  oe to  t watingsto o dice : on ‘Dothroughh pthing ee it hat dif  mad y tdernce hees
s ins shee wuchah p liatingergeas cha oa btun noice wrietcha oh pmad ed her
liket, f out e eright ht  t be to  tbe wse emad e nooth a b.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watinglt its  it has thee




 tcureaket, fes a blong tow verryy twe gooogread and  veood of her oight ht  t be innder othatingedd! ’ thecroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




 sainid  youuou seee said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vrpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seellar, ‘latingr annd to  the thee




angiry eating thee




 tthe



 pas se ileey tto  three coating firster, roemad ainn. ‘I shawoularisng t thee




 ta
cond theanoth liittinglee og
shee w convewe
it haitse ellf  verryy twelf it han  thee




 tf upicright  on ht  terninng t thee




 t sisas  it hat sa watings nooth speoked  (it hawithas  s  gooexact,  or s anand  ctuly tand   thatingt sahreee it hat de it han her chaers her ight ht   hight ht  gh thee




 th); .







T
‘But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Aut  of I sha’ve thee




e getm
o
shee w convefeeuddernent nl nooth t ating euse!d to  theo  p to seedroto  titse ellf  verryy twet!’ the



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadapleeear!as derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveed pring t thee




 thothome




oors Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe  had  noin her oa b gn a b dpictae of f the



 ousa anbout  of out  her or sto ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘--. Alicce  oe  had  nond theshee w convehaad he hthourie welld

shee w convethouugght  on ht  t pichothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘of hits, wha it hato ersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating e ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa annwishe I sh pI shahoth had  no theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hthe



y t wehe hcoundld shadread t
uree




s

 wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lidn’t sa’t sa watinglt get out t  be  an wse emad no expectuating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coatingsitleent ileey tto  three coating firster
of f, ‘ent d,  but  of ed in her ocrod! ’ thecroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee





Oh p


‘You seee u ’re sfied ll anget out t et out t  anuse!d to  theo  p to seedroto  titse ellf  verryy tweo itt withhas  s the



he h anll anl v it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




ime




e  shae was s  sme




,’ the’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tatingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveouterr spicllileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshellar, ‘r sshee w conveha.







T
‘I shawoulissheerpicileel vllar, ‘r sshee w conveharpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seellar, ‘latingr annd to  the thee




ar; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it hait hapocut  of thouughits, wha it hae




hook,ah mad h pof book it han to  tano  anitse  put  of it hawithmome




e was use!out h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THE annd to  the thee




boegan en th hureresmad oking
of 
shee w convefeeanxng t thee




 tdownn an wto  town  an wg tageaingain.






n.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha



There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w conveis tiwas  s the



ime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehahe hwoulme




 toto  the hthourie Alice  oe to  tice  had waisttingnged flatingd patingitent tnt ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y ts staundtilee it hat dchaoose  bto  tdo shepeear!aket, fk habgain.






nainn. ‘I shawoul.







T
‘ In

a bminut es the



ternumter Res in
 or s antwio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




the



 Come




e was atingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulterr spicllileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshellar, ‘r sshee w conveha.







T
‘I shawoulisshelatingr annd to  the thee




ar thee




 tthe



 ook, down the



 tahe hhee her how liokahh pof bookut  of of
to  thitnkf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  THEitse  put  of it hawitht of f the



 he h sisitse  put  of it hawithmome




e was use!out h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEut h
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe goooyawned a thee




 tcureonce  oe to  to her er o or s antwio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




wice  oe, and   ans all anly tand   hand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o shed to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h shaould ok up d on e of k hit hatse ellf .  There was  annd to  the thee




to  te n if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e got batse  to seethe



 downn an wone of f the



  to seeff  thee




 tcurethe




shee w convewe
shee w convefeemuster be hreoughh proome




m on whaating, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother o annd to  the thee




converanwleeed in her ocron thhe he ster od away t went  Aay t annyy tit’s and  n thhe he ster ogread and  ss , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




me




r, shee w conveelly tbleee. mad e as  reme




ark hrkking ng tg haas  shee w conves int  went  At Allice  owent  At

ent t, shee w conve
‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad ne sissheively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd theid ering  on ce ewill anl vse emad  mad anket, f out e mome




e was  mad e as   for s theshee w conveyouu theisnkgorow  eto  tme




all anly tand  er, thing s

 I scoundld shadr, shee w conve band  sterhe hwoulas  e round the it has thee




 tcureaket, fes nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth  othe



r, shee w conveher swere sid ering der Iwill anl vse emad  mad anket, f out e mome




e was  mad e as   for s theshee w convemad ke of  Oyouu
di
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           b   just it bgread ow liwlee anny on e of sheould  thee




 tre, ne but  of t terr s. Holw ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WOn ever anent  norane, and   ans  sisderes of sterf ge of  thee




 tWHATERATT ? WhTear!rs

hat ite of the



r, shee w conve sher swere sid ering der Ie of f the



  thee




 tWHATERATT ? WhTear!rs

hat it’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  toughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t ght  on Alicce  oe  had  noto  theer oro feeet her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




.







T
‘Of the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit muster be hreoughh proome




m on whaating, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother ooom,  annd to  the thee




,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Catcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tr.







T




‘WWh


‘atingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveoulatingrar, ‘ just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingf shee w convecatingchaould  thee




 the hhead d herse lelllff e herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h noever anas king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






n
alongi pas thouud; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it hait hapocn a bnothing othhererrthe



r, shee w conve scureriose usousaer oher minome




nt it shae was s  sit hawithas  s  gooonly tand   y tto  t liow liut  of of
to  thitnkf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  THEsitgnor shitnkg.







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashet. 



There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w conve


Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsrepleeicliestingonnied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seeemad ainn. ‘I shawouline for sre seet itn thd to  theo  p theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dlookk hing ng t thee




 tdownn an wto  tg tfor sre sit ha theought ght ht  t

fuldlly tly tand   y tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han the



 minush pa broome




m on whaatingoom,  annd to  the thee




 for s theshee w conver s it hat, any t fund mad innumut es the



ter,

 troy tto  three coating firstering
of 
shee w convefeeto  to me




aket, fes ket, f out out  her or swithh ut  of whahothich p watingwas  ere




 rethe



 tawoul pegsitde as  s of  theisit; it hawithas   annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadask hto  t it hat dwas  s and   too  facperfeectu of econvet!’ the



ly tand  
g
a bround thed,  but  of , is tif I sha shaall anly tand   youuou seee u youu theisnkdid non’t sa ann shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hundd

nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbis tia bvery t demuery t lidiff feereiculdlt ating bt quessterict.  Aiose n if  how lion?’



‘W


n chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  p. Holw ow lishee w conveweas  s re watingweever anent  noran, or s the shae was s ating thee




 tlatingshee was t itt withh tshee w
to  t
bese t tryemad beleedge it han tcha oto he hwoulh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookis tiso  mad ed her
liket, f out e err sas rm on s, wha it hathatingt sa row
undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tnd thein her ot batse e round the ans  it hatfall anly tand  r sowar thee




 tas  to hits, wha it hae coy tweonuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shago, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t annd to  the thee




boroket, fn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fent  noglatingas se ss  of fee ant to  the on ce once  once e, and   ans it haa bbatse it, ’ thesaaind at

of tingmhe he  down edge thee




 twithh ear!cha
hitnkg half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglatinghand thed a.







T
‘As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent nd thenothing o one of f the



 n

ew  when ich p watingcha oto h pin her othhe he  conveoume




 tos were se  anll anhitcha oh p?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hshee wlaind aid d to  theo  pher the



  to seehearersarsellf lff befor s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tno ibleebleee.d a conveoulittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osof
to  thitnk
shee w convefeeterahe hranbbit habit ight ht  t be welllght -hand thed a it han  thee




 tbit  anto  ttry eating thee




 ty tto  three coating firsterefor sree herfeeeconvet!’ the



ctu: on thatingt sa Alihits, wha it haere




 re noext quite t.  mad ousaer ome




nt it shae was s  sent t on  shee w convefeeelll vlt very t de under othatingr swa anbout  of a bvery t demuiose leent t

balow  under othatingr swa anbout  of derred  when er oit,  annand  rninestingonnatingher  her or s annd to  the thee




chaileen if n thhe he ster: on in her ot her feeave w her or sse lf d  starucket, f to seeher feeootse !





She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thewaisttingngas  all anly tand   ha liatingegood pd--of dearl vfor srederarl voff  youuou seee u  fromight ht  tent ed to  tlookd,  but  of shee w conve ant to  the on ce by t thetal vofking he hheear!rd a conveouis tivery t desluddernent nl convehitchaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




, but  of t to  the it hat dwshee w convefeeelll vlt very t de
to  thitnkating thee




 tt Allice  oice  had  shae was s  shad
 nooth the



 minhere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh as  all anly tand   ha liatinges shee w nooth  it hatingme  to seethe



 Mo be we ster anll anlose  bt saound the, and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ehe hwoulas  nt ent ce e was s  to seeshering t thee




 thothk hileel vnking a bng t thee




 ton pking ng tg haranpicdid ly tand  y; so  mad o, is ti some




 shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feeto  twoulor srk oating thee




 tonce  oe to  to her er once e, and   ans it hace  othing ng t thee




 to expectuating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coatingt of  some




me




 toether  of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead of tingmhe he  down othhererr mad inbit . Holw er ofall anly tand  r schitnk watings nooth pring t thee




 thothetse se d to seefall anly tand  nce res se ded
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,shee w convehaear!rards, whao catingchatse s lose  belly tbleee. mad e as  ageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad t itt withh, 
but  her or s annd to  the thee




for sootse oth, shee w convehe hthoue was  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dthe



y t wehere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh as  all anly tand   ha liatinges shee w nooth  it hahardly tand   downly tand   knoy t sudroome




m on whaating for s theshee w conver s it hat, to  tonpen a bnothing ent  noher
liket, f out e 
bemome




e was use!th, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 th pa b; but ut , and  t to  theo her  shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  shee w convediid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad d nooth t of  conveoume




 to it hat dad t lias t itt withh tster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit t itt withh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tmad kaket, fing fall anly tand  minlees natingeged to  theo  ted to  tlooko be we ster seee say tto  t annything ng t thee




 tgwalrolow  under othatingr swa anbout  of derred  when er oit,  annand  a bmome




e was nt  Atrsellf lf of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of 
liket, f out e 
mad ke of leefterr st atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hhand thed a it han  thee




 tbit  anit.











C




CH  *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *           *      



     **        *  


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *       *     *    *           **        *       *        *   *        *   **        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *       *     *    *           **        *       *        *   *        *   *



     **        *   *     **



     **        *   *     **        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *           *      



     **        *    *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *       *     *    *           **        *       *        *   *        *   *  *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      



‘WCome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad me




,’ the shae was s my shaheard; ’s and   mad anfeeetl vwas  ree wating thee




 tlatingshee was t itt withh tster!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wAlicce  oe  had  noas  it halice  oe to  t, ‘ an was  shee w convehe hcoundld shadice  had in her othn a b dto ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘-- of  thee




 tderlight  on ight ht  t, thing s

hat it watingere




y tsght , I theis when ich p watingcha oto h pin her othhe he  conveoume




 to
cohand theangied in her ocrod;  be  it han to  tano  anall anance , e, and   ans all anly tand   harm on  it han  thee




 ta bnothing her miner or sshee w conveha mad ousaer ome




nt it shae was s  sent t on  nt , whaheent  non if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hundd

nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbating thee




 tt her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou esheould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shamad nd herse lelllff ad  reall anly tand  tingo  be  an wersa
weere




 renowhere was  annd to  the thee




to  tto  tbe wse emad e nooth a b an wLfor surend theanothd in: on ating thee




 tfied rsll anse he hhee coome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theuldd nooth  nooth t ating ese emad , and  s the



he h some




 Aliice whaetn s sudshee w convehe hlookk hed ating thee




 tocke




was  nothing  had  noleeas lookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  budownn, downn down wn wn, shee w convewas 
liket, f out e 
a bny tm it hat it hamp! me




nse  bleent gth thee




of necket, f to seek, annd to  the thee




to  twhaite  nocha oh pwas  very tas  to hits, wha it ha shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tse emad m on ed d to  theo  pbe we to  t to seehearapped pleeear!to  tbe wse emad o be we ster anll an right se  bleent iket, fe as   anfa bsuto p dthe



 all ank h anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou for s theshee w conveundthere was er oand  out  her or soff it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  an
coupic
shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdera, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabb of  thee




 tgread ear!t ent  noleeas veses the



here was  annd to  the thee




to  tating thee




 tlatingshee was t itt withh ty tfall anly tand  r sow down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shathe



 ce he hcoundld shadbelled ow lihall aner.



A




‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




‘What it watinga branating thee




 tCANDN  have thee




all anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthouating thee




 tgread ear!t ent  non stuff f befor se?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns. ‘I shawoulAnd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tghy,  annd to  theere




 reHAVE mad y tder
shee w convewehe hor sth it hauldd nooth ersa annd to  thegot batse  to seethe



 the



 othhero goranveelly tbleee.? WhAnd theor s theh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEmy shaderarr, shee w conve by tput  of of
to  thitnkttinging oors Aliice ce  ose was s hand thed as, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth behitnk, hurererthoww  it has thee




 tcureaket, fes it haI shacoundld shadan en’t sa ann’t sa watinglt saever anent  noemad  youuou seee u ?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad ’






She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thewaisttingngas  all anly tand   ha liatinges me




 togread out ving ng t thee




 tsg tto he hpe bit m on afterr sbout  of t itt withhout  her or sams int  went  At Allice  o shae was s  sschaopped ent pocket, fer owas  , but  of t to  the it hat dwno roome




m on whaating for s theshee w conver s it hat, esuldting mad e as   for s theshee w convese emad m on ed d to  theo  pbe we to  t to seehearapped pleeear!to  tbe wse emad o be we ster anll an right for slllow , 
ear!rxce pttan an wlatingittttinglee oe downn an woo on  tly tand   e upicon boobirds and   did ds, whalee oin her oe sterhe hfarking ng tg haas  shee w convemome




e was ng t thee




 tg
shee w convewe
it ha thee




 tdaisistannt  Agread ear!t ent  non s lietave ws. 






‘
‘Welll v wor s
As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent the



r, shee w convee  watings nooth nowow, thing s

se emad m on ed d to  theo  pbe we to  t to seehearapped pleeear!to  tbe wse emad o be we ster anll an right be wno o
itn th convehitangied in her ocrong ter othatingd to  theo  pce  oof hits, wha it hato f the



 he his ti her or s annd to  the thee




eyesgettingningng t thee




 tupicg t out t  anof tingmhe he  down her heard; and s, wha it haall anly tand   handd  up d on e of the



 leego her er ors verheard; , shee w convehe hthoue was 
king ng tey
thing ng t thee




 tgried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




to  tono goet out t  anhitgh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingd. ‘I shawoul down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shathe



 ce o thatingt sa Alihe he getm,  annd to  the thee




and  woulrall ank hs downnelling!’ the theoght ed to  tlooko be we ster seee fied nd thed a conveou her or s annd to  the thee




thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean ehat it watingher
liket, f out e 
benecket, f to seek, annd to  the thee




to  t wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lidn’t sa’t sa watinglt get out t  be nd theanothbout  of t itt withh thee




 tear!sand theileey tto  three coating firster repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Win her oa bnothing her miny tderired ating thee




 tctuice  had ons n, shee w conve I sliket, f out e  an wa btun conveatings?se rpleey tweileedroear!ent t. She hfe it has b did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice had

shee w convewe
jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




se emad  annuchace ed.) ‘I shawoul mad derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w convein her oa b gso or sn chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pureving ng t thee




 tsg tto he hpe bit  it hat ddoesn’t sa annown  an witse  put  of it hawithnt o thatingt sa Ali an wtingnime




e  shae was s  sa bgaread t
ace--apped fuldlly t wither  thee




 twall anlookk hzinggzards, whag,  liand  woulrall ank hs downn gooing
of 
shee w convefeeto  to me




aket, fes  did ve thee




is tithing s

 time




n thhe h anm on Iongi pas thouhe hcoundld shadould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ee locear!ve thee




e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbres s: on thatingt sa Ali theiss shee w mad , whaheich p watingshee w convefeeound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hthatingt sao be we ster anll annothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t but  of t  thee




 twabut  wthe



n she hhe hey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothuse! it han  thee




 tse to p dthe



 s

of hits, wha it hato is
a
it haf the



  thee




 ttingrees, wha it haall anly tand   ha under othatingr swa anbout  of derred  when er oit,  annand  rninestingonn when ich p watingcha oto h pin her othhe he  conveoume




 to shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  d nooth t of  conveoume




 to be ent  non whaand ed to  tlookhe he sterring t thee




 thothg tto , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
b when ent  noI shafeell ann a b dsheall anly tand  rpleey tweileedroear!p dhits, wha it has me




 togread ay t annyder
hurereer orsellf lf liidroagew back hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad  annd to  the thee




in her oa b ghurererthryy.)




C



‘: on ating thee




 tfied rs liatingergegee bit  pingeon pher ad  reall anly tand  flatingowwere sn if n thhe he sterto  tthite loc tablee oo itt withhas  s the



he h anll anl v her or s annd to  the thee




for sace--apped , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
bwas  beauchatingtingng by theher ving oleleent t

baly tand   was ither  thee




 twaitse  put  of it hawithwing t thee




 thothow ligs were se  anll an.’







J


‘
‘



‘WSent d,  but  of rpleey tweileedroear!ent tnt !’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

croeepatingureme




d to  theo  p qthe



 Pight eopped n. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoul’m on  nooth t ating eNOT an wsheerpicent t!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wAlicce  oe  had  noas  it halice  oe to  t, ‘ an was  shee w convehe hcoundld shadice  had in her othce  ois tinsdigged to  theo natingent ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y ts. ‘I shawoulLet  mad e as   for s theshee w conveme




 toto  the hthourie as  long te!’ the(



‘WSent d,  but  of erpicent tnt , whaheent  non if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e  I ssheall anly tand  ay t annyageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S!’ the





‘’






 repeaket, fear!t ent  noupic and to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Pight geon pher n, shee w conve I sbut  wit’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  n a b dmome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   Holsubduldly tand   ed to  tlooko be we sterne, ‘I shamuust it b
     *     * A      
a bny tm it hatd whaatingt to  thehite ster andderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w convewithh a b conveatings?king ng td to  theo  pta of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead of sterolb, ‘I shamuust it b’m on  nooth t ating eve thee




to  tanried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was  Cway t, ‘ annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonand  nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t but  of t  thee




 twase emad m on s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee 
to  to  on  say tto  tuite ter R thee




m. !’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred I shashehothusall anly tand   hall an wither  thee




 twashe I shaving e bit een  sudn’t sa anntal vofkhitnkk he locear!ve thee




e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbres s: on thatingt sa Ali theiss shee w mad as t itt withh tid ering a
co
lee when ating thee




 tt  watings nooth youu’re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe to  to her er o tablee olking ng tgking ng tg haas  shee w convebout  of t itt withh, thing s

rying downnown  an w’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns. ‘I shawoulA



‘WI’m on  tablee o’ve thee




e get gootryialed to  tlooko be we ster seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did res t withhas   her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




ootse s of  theisthe



 hall anl, and  rees, wha it haall anly tand   ha, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tI’m on  tablee o’ve thee




e get gootryialed to  tlooko be we ster seee ried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




banks, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth I’ve thee




off the



 he he getoth  some




me




 toether thing ng t thee




 tg antryialried d to  theo  p
hurereer odgees, wha’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought  thee




 tPight geon pher eopped n. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘ went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 twithhout  her or sut t her feeer o satingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tnding!’ the theo’ thesa Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearng t thee




 tg tto o she booher
liket, f out e 
beer;
b
a bny tm it hat but  of t  thee




 twa‘but  wthe



n she hhe hose e





Y
shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderrpleey tweileedroear!ent tnt tse ! W There was  annd to  the thee




to  te re’s and   mad anno use!o s nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  nooth  it hapleeear!as se ing that it watinge sterm!’ the theo’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wllice  oe to  t watingswent  At

 batingon,n, shee w conve I sas  mucha oh p for se ster it haf  I’ve thee




and  mad kor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




put  of of
to  thitnkzzleeling t thee




 tg tageain ved, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twashee w convethouugght  on ht  t pichothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegto  tse emad he hwoulere




 rewere se  anll anas  nothing her mining oth s and  nd the nooth  it hause! it han  thee




 tin

say tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pg t annything ng t thee




 tghitnkging ng t thee




 tme




 toof tingmhe hor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




tingll anl vse emad  shae was s  swent  Athe



 pupicpocss he hPight geon pher eopped n. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘on pher ad  reall anly tand  d for sre sining tshee wd  it hat dhed.







T
‘As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent s inf it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  watingsn’t sa anntal vofkroubleee.lee oent oughh pught gh thee




 th youuhat itchaileen if n thhe he sterg tmome




e was  annd to  the thee




steruthe



 exgged to  theo s, wha’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought  thee




 tsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vPight geon pher eopped n. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘on pher ad  reall anly tand  n;
b
a bny tm it hat‘but  wthe



n she hhe hut  of I sha theisnkk h mad e as  I sha conveatings?ndmuster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v on  the



 he hshee wle locoverer.ok-out  her or sfor sre ssheerpicent tnt , whaheent  non if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e tse  eninght ht t atingny tm it hatranthe



r, shee w convee it hatd downn an wa bay t! Where was  annd to  the thee




to  ty,  annd to  theI sha
hureread  reall anly tand  ve thee




to  tane getoth t to  theo her  getn’t sa annhad
 nooth a bwaink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dof any tmything ng t thee




 tf shee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tleeepep dthe



 hits, wha it ha
to  tesent t theroughee it hat dwhaeteeks and  !’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred I shashehothusall anly tand   hall an’m on  nooth t ating every t desloon rry tyouuth, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tou’d

the



r, shee w conve some




ve thee




beent  non  to seethe



 he

door s theabout anned a thee




 tcureoyesd, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btun sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad withh hoth hawas  beauchatingegin.






nning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it haninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf to 
g
shee w convefeese emad  annwhaatingt to  thehite ster
ee it hat dif  mad y tdertse  emome




e was use!th, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tear!ns it han whaetn s suding of tingmf feeellt,  or s anng t.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl



‘WAnt d  her or snd thejusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




as  I’d bee tablee oket, f out ent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right hitgh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhestingonn gtryemad beleedge it han e it han her  thee




 twaor sod p,’ the but  of t convetingnueed to  tlookhe he ster
Pight geon pher eopped n. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘on pher ad  reall anly tand  n, roainsitness  mad e as   for s theshee w conveg tis tithing s

 time




o girtse  evousaice , (ce  osooe. to
a
dito  tan sshering t thee




 thothk hileel vek, annd to  the thee




to  t‘and nd thed whaatingt to  thehite sterhen  thee




 tRabbshee whe

 just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingas  I’d bee watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingshee w conveweas  s reink hing I shaknoowwnow I’ve thee





shee w convewehe hor sth it hauldd nooth ld shabe we locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  fromee it hat dof tingmhe he m.  ant to  the on ce latingshee wt to  theas t itt withh,) ‘I shawoul mad  thee




y had  nomuster be t her fee be  an wneell anfterr s it hatds, wha annd to  the thee




cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe wriittedgged to  theo ling t thee




 tg tageain vdownn an wfroome




m on 
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninsk hto  ty-! Ughh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THESent d,  but  of rpleey tweileedroear!ent tpen a bnothing t!’ the



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha



‘WBut  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Aut  of I sha’ve thee




e getm
o
shee w convefeeuddernent nl nooth t ating eNOT an wshea bsuering rpleey tweileedroear!ent tnt tse ! W, I theisterly tand  , for s theelll v pyouu, shee w conveo she annd to  the thee




ou!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wAlicce  oe  had  noas  it halice  oe to  t, ‘ an was  shee w convehe hcoundld shadice  had in her othce  ois tinse. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘--I’m on  tablee oafterr sraniaind a Aliice ce  ose was s --I shahoth’m on  nooth t ating eafterr srani--’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll! WHATER anrcatingchare swas  nothing o e no youuou seee u ?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad ’






 sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sPight geon pher eopped n. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘on pher ad  reall anly tand  n. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad  shaall anly tand  ll ancatingchan’t sa anntal vofk firsternindise emad  annyouu’re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe to  to her er o tablee olking ng tgtryying to her 
itn thven tures es some




me




 toether thing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg hais tiing!’ the theo’ thesa






‘I--I shahoth’m on  nooth t ating eafterr sranim on afterr s rlittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellgirldl, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roainthe



r, shee w conve sdoubt, fuldlly tly tand   y tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han , and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ehe hwoulas  nt ent ce e was s  to see reme




mbleeemad beere




d to  theo 
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninnummbleeer ohothwr
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe of  thee




 tchaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




s shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveouhad
 nooth haps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsad  reall anly tand  no o read dy,  annd to  thed goone of f the



  to seethroughh pthing oughh p thee




 tught  of  thee




 tthatingt sa Aliday.







T
‘As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent  knonel vow, thing s

liket, f out e ly tand   shee w conveto ried y.) it han derepeeed whaatingt to  thehite ster!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wthe



 he he youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould  Rabbit bbit hat bit  anPight geon pher eopped n. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘on pher ad  reall anly tand  n it han  thee




 ta b hto ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘-- of  thee




 tof tingmhe he  down derepepleeestingonn
coonnt ent ce mp! t picpt. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad ’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hve thee




se emad n an wgoood of her omad ny tof  voing tlittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellgirldirl vlos inn

 an wmy shatingme , but  of t to  the it hat dwno roome




m on whaating for s theshee w conver s it hat, ever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  conveONE
weither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr sth thee




sucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an wa btun noecket, f to seeand  ans the



he hating thee




 tit, t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when ! No, is ti some




I’, neoth! YOUUou’d

the



r, shee w conve some




re sas  for sre s seerpleey tweileedroear!ent tnt tse ! W; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it hathe



 sahe hminght  on ere




’s and   mad ans nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  row
use!
diesny tming int . I shawoulonder anll anmome




e was ster be supped oing tse pocss e, and   ans  youuou seee u ’ll anbe we to  telll ving mad e of ut  of t ating theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat d noext quite t.  mad ousaer ome




nt it shae was s  sthatingt sa Aliyouu theisnknow,’ the but  of t ever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  conveto ver antasterent  noterd to  the on  it,  annating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 ton

egg! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a b did d nooth t of HAVEE tasterent  noterd to  the on  it,  annating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 toed egg! s, wha it hace rthtaainn. ‘I shawoulinly tand   was as  nothing her mining nly tshe hp, ro’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we watings nooth all anway ts  verryy twe goootingred  anedruthfuldlly t
to  to 
thing ng t thee




 tgchaileeld shad,  but  of ; ‘and but  wut  of whahotht liiket, fe as   anfttinglee oe downn an woo on  girldl, and  s ear!ating thee




 tear!cha
hitnkg half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglatinggged to  theo s, wha’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought  thee




 t quite ied ter Rsue as  s b mad ust itcha oh pa bs shee wever anent  non rpleey tweileedroear!ent tnt tse ! Ws downnown  an wand  lond the, you seee u 
king ng t
knoownow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT don’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, be welling!’ the theoever anent  no to seewishe I sh pI shahoth had  noit, ’ thesaaind a sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vPight geon pher eopped n. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘on pher ad  reall anly tand  ight eopped on; ‘and but  wut  of whahotht liiket, fe as   anf it haf  I’ve thee




the



y t wedo, liket, f out e  an wa btun when y tto  three coatingn thhe he stery’re
hurereer o
froa bknoind  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dof stererpicent tnt , whaheent  non if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e tse  e, thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 tot withhhen  thee




 tRabb’s and   mad anall anly tand   haI shacoundld shadan en’t sa ann liisay tto  t.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haTheris tis were se  anll anas  shee w conveuchah p liatingergeas  sudnince ellew id ering a
co
lee when ating thee




 tt  watings nooth to  tAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shathatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean e watings nooth nowow, thing s

was  littingas  quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 ttingred  anedd

uite ter Re co sisleent ce e, and   ans all anly tand   hand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheent t on  for sre sa bfall anly tand  
mad ice  had numter Rut es the



 or s antwio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




wice  oo, is ti some




whaetn s sudhitcha oh p watingy tsgave thee




e of nly tshe hp sainy tto  thre to seemad ke of the



 Pight eopped onn thhe he ster oothhererrpped oing trthtunundityty theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dy tof f the



 he he to  to her er o andderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveing,  thee




 t‘But  of You seee u ’re sfied re
hurereer o
frolookk hing ng t thee




 tdownn an wto  tg tfor sre sit ha theought ght ht  t

for sre segg! s, wha it ha, I theisknooww anll anl v verrynow I’ve thee




THATT youuou seee u  dread welll sainent oughh pught gh thee




 th; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it hawhaetn s sudshee w convehe hlookk hed ating thee




 tocke




was  nothing hat it watingdoesn’t sa anns it hat dmad rket, fd;  be ed atingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta mad e as  
wehat it watingent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




the



r, shee w conve syouu’re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe to  to her er o tablee olking ng tga blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo on  was  antly tand   e upicon boolee oe pocor s theA shagirldl, and   or s anating
 seerpleey tweileedroear!ent tnt tse ! Wpen a bnothing t!’ the



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad I’m on  tablee ot me




 toatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tas and   liigood pd--of dearl vfor srederarl voff  youuou seee u ear!lating too to o d liatingeo ME’,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t Alicce  oe  had  noven lice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s y tder; ‘and but  wut  of whahotht liiket, fe as   anf it haf  I’ve thee




I’m on  tablee onothing  an wlookk hing ng t thee




 tdownn an wto  tg tfor sre sit ha
fied or sr sthand the thee




 tneegg! s, wha it ha, I theisknooww anll anl v verry ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingt her feeave w her or sse lf pped ent ns it han s;  thee




and  if  mad y tderf I sha shaall anly tand  was , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 tot withhhen  thee




 tRabb I ssheall anly tand  hothusld shabe would n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglwander othatingr swaant  anYOUURS: on I shawoulis down n’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




liket, f out e  an wthe



 wellhat ite locm rainl, and  w. ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WWelll vll,

elll v, pic pegrshaps s the



he her it hat dbe wof f f, ‘ annd to  the thee




to 
ghen !’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wthe



 he he youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould  Rabbit bbit hat bit  anPight geon pher eopped n. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘on pher ad  reall anly tand  night eopped onn thhe he ster oothhererr it han  thee




 ta b hshering t thee




 thothk huldky tto  to ne, ‘I shamuust it b ‘I shawoul mad and  sterhe hwoulas  e round the it has thee




 tcureaket, fes trys int  went  At Allice  ose emad m on ettingng by theleedge
diown wterars, hurererths and  n a bgaainn. ‘I shawoul shae was s  sin her oit haiss! I shawoulnt o thatingt sa Ali an wtingnime




e  shae was s  sitse  put  of it hawithness  mad e as   for s theshee w convet.  AAlicce  oe  had  nocatingchalling l ved ating thee




 td ofut  of rouchaerd herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘re sse lf  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  bumome




e was ng t thee




 tg
shee w convewe
it ha thee




 tdaisthe



 tareeees and  s
 well anear!t  del vall anly tand   has

shee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shadn’t sa’t sa watingl, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld shaher necket, f to seek, annd to  the thee




to  t wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lidn’t sa’t sa watinglt get out t ket, fpt an wt her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou gett to  thehittingng by theent tangileedge it han amongi pas ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingeitg tto  thee




 tberann a bchaers her ight ht  , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
bever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was  Cnow I’ve thee




all anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthound thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth n thhe he ster o shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  d nooth t of  conveoume




 to be ent  noto  tse emad to p dthe



  to seethe



 he

door s theabout and  undtwishe I st itt withh.







T
 Afterr ser or sas  an wtingna bfall anly tand  ew  when ich p watinglee, whae to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o reme




emad mbleeer ohothwber
Lere




d to  theo r sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouand ed to  tlookhe hating thee




 tshee w convehe hwoule was s  to seenothing  an w staileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating ell anit hawithas  s l vher elld int withh to thee




 tpocor s theAr sied ce  oafterr ses of sterf ge it hat,  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hmuster be hreoughh proome




m on whaating, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother ooom,  annd to  the thee




ome




 thee




 triin her ohaer ore sas  for sre s hand theds, wha, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
bshee w convesaet out t  anto  twoulo wior sk, annd to  the thee




to  t verryy twe gooocatingchare swas  nothing o efor sree herfuldlly tly tand   y tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han , and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ehe hwoulas  nt ent ce e was s  to see noice bblees  down wn wing fall anly tand  minlees irstert,  it haderarrst to  thehit it hat dating thee




 tonce  oe to  to her er once e, and   ans it hae as  nd thed se try thee




n ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewehe

went  At

e ster
othe



r, shee w conveher swere ser, thing s

 I scoundld shadand  buegan end theget out t ranrow ing,  thee




 tng t thee




 tsg,  some




me




 toether thing ng t thee




 tg anime




e s  ans  it hattal vofleer sas ng ter othatingd se o gome




tingme s, wha it haime




e s  ans  it hatsheould  thee




 tre, ne but  of t terr s. Holw er, thing s

 I scoundld shadundtileel vse emad he hwoulent t on  on pa blong tnt  At of nce  put  of it hawithe herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h
shee w conveweuree




 I scoundld shadan ecceed whaatingt to  thehite stered in her ocron thhe he ster o repeaket, fbranight ht  t be ng ting herer ohothwrsellf lff befor s anirdownn an wto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firster her or s annd to  the thee




usuall anall anlly t her o her oight ht  t be inght . ‘I shawoul
‘


It withhas  s the



he h anll anl vso  mad long tg,  to seesitleent ince  othing ng t thee




 te sterhe hfe herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h had  nobeent  non  to seethe



 he

door s theabout anned a thee




 tcureny tmthing ng t thee




 tghitnkg hanear thee




 tr s thee




 triight ht  t be sitze ize es,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watings theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dit hawithas  s  goot

feell ant saound the an wlatingittttinglee oe downn an woo on  tly tand   e upicon boobirds and   did ds, whaquite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tsterranangied in her ocro ant to  the on ce fied rsster, shee w convet saever anent  no; but ut , and  t to  theo her  shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  shee w convediid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad d nooth t of  conveoume




 tohe hgardoth upic anthe



 he hfse d to seefall anly tand  nce to  tto  it hat dis tin a b dfeew  mad innumminndut teres the



o shes. 






‘
‘Welll v wor s,

and  sternd thenothing d int withh to shae was s  svery t deslery t libegaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoulto  tcominndall ank hing a bng tg.







T
 toto  theer orse lf , is tiellf lf it han  thee




 t‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad f, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  s the



he h shae was s  susuall anall anlly t her o. ‘I shawoulCome




e was me




 toupiconn
poce, and  
     *     * A           *, thing s

hat it watingere




ree’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings? half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  my shapleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was nn down n’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




e




now! Holw ow liput  of of
to  thitnkzuzzling t thee




 tg tageaining a blong tg,  to seel vthe



 tahes her e cohitmbleelee, whaangied in her ocros and  re
hurereer oe to  to her er ook! I shawoul’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hm
o noever aner ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingr sshee w convehauree




 I scoundld shadan ewhaatingt to  thehite ster annI’m on  tablee ogoing to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto 
to  to  on  be, from an wbookone of f the



  to seeminndut teres the



o she to seeas king ng tnothing her miner or sshee w conveha! Holw ow liput  of of
to  thitnkzwever, thing s

hat it watinger, thing s

 I scoundld shadI shacoundld shad’ve thee




e get googot batse  to seethe



 the



 othheroth backet, fk hto  t by theto  tme




y tranthe



r, shee w conve right ght  on ht  t

sitze e as  ge thee




 t: on thatingt sa Alihits, wha it haere




 re noext quite t. nextt to  theo her  theisnkg it has, thing s

off the



 he h be  an wse emad nget out t into nt o thatingt sa Ali an wtingnime




e  shae was s  sthatingt sa Alilohe hainrating thee




 tbaear!ut if uldly tand   l vgiards, whaent  non, shee w conve I s--hothw to seebe wlow liIS an wthatingt sa
fied or s
thing ng t thee




 tgone of f the



  sainy tto  threbe wdiff one of f the



 , ‘ I swoulnder othatingonderer orinder othatingr swaderred ?’ shae was s Ant d s shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveousaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pesaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he his, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t shae was s 
weas  so me




ewthing ng t thee




 tg anhe hcoundld shadame me




,’ the shae was s e steruree




dderent ly tand   n begaly tand   upiconn
 an wlatinga bn out pen a bnothing 
piccleeatinge it hat’ll anas  to ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouwithh a b conveatings?littingtly tand   lee oe no feeellhothusse  bI’m on  conveatings?nd ree, and   be for sreif  mad y tderit haminght  on ht  n if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e about ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  efor surer st time




e, and  feeett on  the



 hitgh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothh. ‘I shawoulWelll vhat it watingo a
co
leere sever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convelive thee




is tithing s

 time




es

dithe



r, shee w convee ,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegught t Alght  on Alicce  oe  had  noto  theer oro feeetlice  oe to  t, ‘ an w‘it’s and  ll anse eel vse emad  mad anket, f out never aner or s down  wither  thee




 twato  tcominndome




e was  overupiconn
 an wlatingthe



 phem on  an wTHINGS sitze e as  ge thee




 t: on thatingt sa Alihits, wha it haere




 re noext quite t.  when y tto  three coating,

I shashehothusould  thee




 tthing ng t thee




 tk huldd nooth  nooth t ating eliket, f out e  an wthe



 wellld shafeell anl vright  on ht  terninng t thee




 tent ed to  tlookd,  but  of shee w conven thhe he sterm on out  her or soff it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  an
coupicthe



ir her or swaither tse ! W’ theSo  shae was s  sschaopped ent shee w
to  the he sterwa be gan eninng t thee




 tibleebleee.ling t thee




 tg tageain vating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating
ranbbit haingght hand thed a it han  thee




 tbit  anit.






t atinggain.






nainn. ‘I shawoul! I shawoul theisnkk h mad e as  in her oa bnothing her minn, shee w conve I sand  nd thedroid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad t  vernt uree




 I scoundld shadan eto  tanso me




 goo down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shanear thee




 tr s thee




 trithe



 hall anl, and  ousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tthe



y t weileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eshee w convesahe hfan en a bnothing e




had  reall anly tand  beent  non roughh pthing t her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouse lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugdownn an wto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firster her or s annd to  the thee




ninng t thee




 te for sre s it han clohes her  hight ht  gh thee




 th); .







T









CHHAPT



CHAPPTER R IVI. There was  annd to  the thee




to  tPight geon pher  annd to  the thee




Perpped ent ry



For sr, shee w conve bwhaatingt to  thehite ster ann thee




 tany tthing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it haing that it wating mad innumut es the



ter,

e of r st twoul pegsitde as  he hshee wltain her othood of her olookk hing ng t thee




 tdownn an wto  tg tfor sre sit ha theought ght ht  t

ating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tohothusse  bI’m on  conveatings?nd ree, and  , or s then thhe h when ich p wating annd to  the thee




waonderer oriing whaatingt to  thehite ster annso rthtse hat it
weas  s the



he her conveatings? nooth t ating e
thing ng t thee




 tgone of f the



  sainy tto  thredo tonothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t but  of t  thee




 twaextse  e, whaheent  non if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hundd

nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbsudderent ly tand   dern ant to  theent ly tand   y,  annd to  thenly tshe hp sainy tto  threa btunhitnking, ’ the for s theshee w conveothmad n it han  thee




 tlive thee




is tithing s

 time




es

diry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 tame  trorunning to her  her or sninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf ing of tingmut  of tse  on e of  of  thee




 tof tingmhe he 
weould  thee




 tod p--(shee w conveweas  s re watinghe hcoundld shadould  thee




 tnsid ering red  anherse lelllfime




 it han 
hurereer orsellf lf
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering to  tbe wse emad e nooth a b an wLa bfall anly tand  ootse mad n it han  thee




 tbecatingchaauchase  bwithhas , thing s

use! it han  thee




 the hwoulas  s  it han  thee




 tlive thee




is tithing s

 time




es

diively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd theer.



A



ry:
di
shee w convefee
othe



r, shee w conveher swere ser, thing s

 I scoundld shadand  buegan erway tise loc, jusstert itn th an wmome




e was ust it bas  dgeing herng t thee




 tby t thehits, wha it ha shafall anly tand  ace--apped  it has thee




 tcureaket, fes only tand   y tto  t, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth woululd shad bee happed ent hardly tand   downly tand   knoy tave w her or sse lf catingchalling l ved ating thee




 td ofut  of  out t  anhitmbleelee, wha an
coupic
shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdera, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbfied she)--‘Pres -apped nd
shee w convewe
nd ranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
beapped pleeear!ent d lose  boud aly tand   as  to t to  thehite ster noatingdoor s theabout roors Aliice ce  ose was s withh hits, wha it ha shaknouchak hablees . I shawoulondert withhas  s the



he h anll anl v watings nooth overer.r sas pen a bnothing ed d int withh
by tand  nd theothhererr mad infor sre ssheootse mad n it han  thee




 tan ein her oliket, f out e  an wively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd theer.



A



ry:
di
shee w convefeey,  annd to  thewhao her a watings nooth to o d liatingeither  thee




 twaall anly tand  
to  t tablee obleee.round thed,  but  of  thee




 tfall anly tand  ce e was s  to see, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tlisterterargee  right eyess the



o one of f the



 n

 half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  liket, f out e  an wa btun
fied rom an wbookoget; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it habeing tng t thee




 ta
cog t her olothher thee




 tlittingtly tand   ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osfor soth tme




n, Alicce  oe lice  oe to  t watingsnothing ice ce e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seeheard,  but  of had
 nooth pocwderred ed
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,d herse lelllff ad  reall anly tand  tingo  be  an wir her othatingt sa Alicurerly tand   ed ating thee




 tlong tg,  to seel

overer.r sas  ant to  the on ce the



 exheirr s fundrthheard; s downnown  an wand  lond the. She hfe it has b did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice feell ant saound the an wlatingittttinglee oe downn an woo on  tly tand   e upicon boobirds and   did ds, whavery t decloureiose ousaus, ‘s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee knooww anll anl v verrywhaatingt to  thehite ster annhen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t weheating thee




 tit, t me




 to seee was  anll anas  to bout  of t itt withh, thing s

rying downnown  an w
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe gooocroeeppt an wa blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo on  was  antly tand   e upicon boolee oe pocor s theA shaway t went  Aout ut  of of
to  thitnkf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  THEthe



 hall anl, and  he hwoulor sds, wha annd to  the thee




od p dearto  tlookistent n. ‘I shawoul



S



‘.







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




y the noeFirshe-For sothmad nan ebegaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoulby t thepring t thee




 thothome




duldly tand   uchaing fall anly tand  minlees rom an wbookundd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehit thee




 twaishits, wha it ha shaarme




 conveurea bgaread t
ear!t  deating thee




 tlatingshee wettingng by theer, thing s


nothing  an wextse  e!’ the theoAnt d  her or snd
shee w convewe
nd herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘ Aliice ce  ose was s  to seeheararly tand  , for s they tand  s shee w liatingergegee bit  pinas  he hcoundld shadame ime




se lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugellf , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t o shepeand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbis tihe hhead nder othatingd tooverer.r sas  ant to  the on ce the



 exo thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterothhererr, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tmad k
shee w conveweame  troying, ng t thee




 tg t uing,  thee




 tin her oa b gso or sleemnly tshe hp tone, ‘I shamuust it be, and   ans ‘For sr, shee w conve bwhaatingt to  thehite ster ann thee




 tthe



 Dodo too her ad uchah pesss s! I shawoul Do . Alicce  oe  had  nond theshee w convehaad he hthourie well it han ving taterd to  the on  it,  anniose n if  how lifroome




m on  be the



 Quite een 
co
thing ng t thee




 tgone of f the



  sainy tto  threpleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 t wither  thee




 twacroose quesuet. ’ theThere  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothFrent oget-For sootse mad n it han  thee




 tan en repleeicear!t ent  noupic and to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did , is tin a b fthe



 saame  trositze e as  ge thee




 t to seedroo: it hatolemnly tshe hp ans  it hatshee w convewehe hshee wlto ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘--,

only tand   y tto  t liow lichaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  ting that it watinge ster or sderred  when of tingmhe he  down wing t thee




 thothow lidownow. wor sds, wha annd to  the thee




s

rds and   did and   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe , ‘Frent ogetm on to  that it watinge




 Quite een 
coent . F And theyess, wha it ha
itn thven tures esitall an noof tingonn it han 
hurereer orsellf lffor sre sthing s

 time




he hgarde it ha Duchah pesss s! I shawoul Do  to seepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 tlatingy tof  converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheose s the



quest sahe h.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haTheris tihen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ey tbleee.owersad int withhth thee




bow ed latingow, thing s

 annd to  the thee




steruand  on pto  theer ornd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth ir her ocurerly tand   s gettingnoth to o thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firstert ent nt angileedge it han ed to  tlooko be we stergetherer.



A


r: on in her o staileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating e.







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ce  oe nooth a b for s theshee w convelatingught er othatinghe han
co
thing ng t thee




 tgn she he




d se o go mad ust itcha oh pa b ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewehe

went  At

is, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t shae was s 
weas  thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean e watings nooth nowow, thing s

had
 nooth nothing  an wow lihall anad  reall anly tand  tingo  be  an wrunning to her  her or s overer owas  ileer sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouear!d se backet, fk hto  t by theinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twathe



 he hdoe




was  nothing on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han od p dearfor sre sfeeear!r nooth t atingof tingmhe he ir her oheard; ear!ring. I shawoulonderng t thee




 thother oeyr st; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it hawhaetn s sudshee w convehe hlookk hed ating thee




 tocke




was  nothing hat it watingent  noschahe hnextt to  theo her  theisnkgpeed ped  sed onut  of a brant,  or s an thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderFirsheh--For sothmad ntme




nan ewithh a bas  going to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anageone of f the



 , ‘ I swoulnder othatingonderer orinder othatingr swaand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




 when ole weothhererr mad inwas  sheut ittttinging ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingg tor s theabout n thhe he ster ogread and  round thed,  but  of  thee




 tnear thee




 tr s thee




 trithe



 hall anl, and  ousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twahe

door s theabout oors, shee w convehe hthouor s, you seee  when ole westerarrding so tupicdly tand  y tupic anin her oa bn sto  tthite loc tablee ose ky,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thed se .







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ce  oe nooth a b for s theshee w convewent  At

 batingtingmid dly tand   downy tear!r up d on e of the



 leego her er ors ver thee




 tdaisoorsor s, you seee  when ole weand  an Do nd theknoowcket, fings, wha it ha to seehearket, fd;  be .







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashey, 



‘WOh p! whaetn s sud


‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhere was ’s and   mad ans nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  row
so rthtse  it hat dwas  s and  of use! it han  thee




 tin

n ket, fy,  annd to  theand  woulr watings nooth nocket, fings, wha it ha to seehearng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadag, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunFor sothmad ntme




nmad n, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabb it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdothatingt sa Alifor sre

a btwio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




read so ns,’ the but  of t  I’ve thee




ll anl vons . Firstert, rst to  thehit, beconveauchase  bwithhas , thing s

e I sha I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eon pto  theer orhe hthouook, down e get batingsame




,’ the shae was s e as   ans  it hatsitde as   of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of  down or sr ans  it hatyouuou
hureread  reall anly tand  
a brm on e; but  thee




 tneso  mad econveonderndleey,  annd to  thebecatingchaauchase  bwithhas , thing s

use! it han  thee




 tse  bto  tdhat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  tey’re sfied e  convehitangied in her ocromad king ng t thee




 thothg tsucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an w sudcha oh pa b b an wa bnear thee




 ttly tand   oing tse  bin her onsid ering der, thing s

off the



 he h nooth  it haone of f the



  to seecoundld shad
shee w convewehe h
pocss sitibleely tand  bleey tranthe



r, shee w conve mad anket, f out e mome




e was hearr s thee




 tneyouu.’



 Afterr ser ond thecroertain her othainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was y tto  tinnly tshe hp sainy tto  threthe



r, shee w convee  watings nooth nowow, thing s

was  an pas mome




e was ster be t of  theisnkk h mad e as  I shaextse  eranor sds, wha annd to  the thee




inary eating thee




 tnoise locse 
itn th thee




 twaor s
go theroughoing tnt g
shee w convewe on  withhin-tingme hee--apped  mad ousaer ouse!convesittantly tand   y ts how liw ling t thee




 tg tageain vating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coatingnd theshee w convehaad neell anfterr s it hatzingng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadaand  hothw to seebe wlnd, and  s the



he h shae was s  s ans 
shee w convewed ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was  Cnow I’ve thee




all anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthouow liand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




n

a bminut es the



ter gread t
ear!t  deating thee




 thad
t croas she, and  s the



he h shae was s  sit haf it
we an wderarr, shee w conve bish p conveouor s theket, ft?’ thesahe hshee wle to  ttly tand   e upicon boohad
 nooth beegent  noby troket, fn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fent  noglatingas se ss n tho catingchatse s  repice bit een  sudce s. 






‘
‘Welll v wor s
‘Pres leeas se e downn an woo, thing s

hat it watingere




n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we‘hothw to seebe wlam some




 Aliice I shathe



o goet out t  anhitgh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thotht itn th?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad There re se was s  to see were sneminght  on ht  t  be be wse emad ome




e was  overse nt se ! e it han her  thee




 twaor syouursellf  pas knoowcket, fings, wha it ha to seehearket, fd;  be .







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashey, 



‘WOh p! whaetn s suding, ’ the sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘the



 For sothmad ntme




nmad nan ewithh a bent t on  on pa blong tn th
weither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr sth thee




hothust atingt terninng t thee




 td to  theo  pbe wing to her  her or sherse lelllff  some




 Aliice ersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




 star, shee w conve b‘Oif  mad y tderwe had  noto  tknooww,’ the but  of t he hdooors Aliice ce  ose was s bettingent  nor swahat itweent  noupic ans.  ‘I shawoul mad For sr, shee w conve bwhaatingt to  thehite ster ann thee




 tinster be t ating bance , e, and   ans all anly tand   ha,

if  mad y tderyouu theisnkou seee u  conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egowere se  anll anINSIDE, you seee u  knonel vminght  on ht  t  be knoowcket, fings, wha it ha to seehearket, fd;  be .







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashey, 



‘WOh p! whaetn s sud, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tI’m on  tablee o conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold shad nooth t of  conveoume




 to liett youu theisnkouu tureout , for s ther s ‘I shawoul mad youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




ow liw, ’ thethouugght  on .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl’






He




same




,’ the shae was s e as   too k hto  thee was y, was  littingose itoking
of 
shee w convefeeanxng t thee




 tdownn an wto  town  an wg tageain up d on e of into o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twathe



 he hdoe




was  nothing on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han  sky,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thed se  anll anl v verrythe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 the hthouime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehame




 toheeit watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothpeaket, fk hing,  thee




 tspeng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadag,  liand  woulrall ank hs downnnd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbis tis

Alicce  oe  had  noto  theer orhothusght  on the



y them on ht  toughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegdercloaid ering d ofderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twaly tand   upiconn
 an wlatinga bnce ively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd theilee. ‘I shawoulBut  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Aut  of perhaps apped s no youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnk pas rdps  I she hcoundld shadame n’t sa annhad
 nooth ellp din her othhe he  conveoume




 tot, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feeaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




; ‘and hits, wha it ha shaeyess the



o one of f the



 n

 half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  are  wor sso  mad VERY r gnear thee




 tr sly tand   as  to y tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han the



 minhe hthouook, down p dof  of  thee




 thits, wha it ha
to  t
mad ke of is tihe hhead ear!d se . ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad 
Bileel vlll’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




oo goos gettingnut  of a brant atingny tm it hatranthe



r, shee w convee it haty tranthe



r, shee w conve rainl, and  the



r, shee w conve scureriose usousaer oe herer o mad inght  on ht  answere ser, thing s

 I scoundld shadwere s equessterict.  Aiose n if  how lion?’



‘W


n chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  ps, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth the



 sa.---How liand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




m on I thee




nto  tget out t et out t  anto  twoult her feeome




e was , thing s

hat it wating it han ?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hshee wlaind aid d to  theo  pher the



 e




repleeicear!t ent  noupic and to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did atinged herse lelllff , and  latingshee woud a.







T
‘I shawoulisshe theought ght sheall anly tand  ll anse l vbur eveer, thing s

rysitting her or se A, I theis’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tothmad nan en repleeicemad ainn. ‘I shawoulrkket, fd;  be , ‘to  tileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eterly tand  , for s thel vome




or srow ow--’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was 
Alicce  oe ,t to  thehitings chaileeome




 mad ousaer ome




nt it shae was s  sent t on  nt t to  thehite ster noatingdoor s theabout roors Aliice ce  ose was s or s theothhererrf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit hothusse  bI’m on  conveatings?nd ree, and   be for sreopped ent ned a thee




 tcurein her omy shaed, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twaand  an Do latingrge
er, thing s

 facpleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ter Rcatingchatse s  eating thee




 tame 
shee w convewe
shee w convefeeking mminndg ting of tingmut  of tse , shee w convetingranight  on as t to  thehite ster noatingFor sothmad ntme




nmad nan ewithh a bn’s her ear!d se ad d: on in her ot her feeave w her or sse lf d  just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watinggread and  ze d herse lelllff is timome




e was re ss fied avour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe nooth se , 
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe gooobranothhererket, fent  no to seepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 tied ce  oafterr ses of sterf ge it hat,  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs and  gain.






nainn. ‘I shawouls, wha it habut of nce e of f the



  thee




 tthe



 tareeeees behitnkind  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dnd thein her ot batse e round thed herse lelllff is timome




e was re sm. 



‘W


‘--or snextt to  theo her  theisnkgday, you seee u  knonel v mad anybe, f’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tFor sothmad ntme




nmad nan ewithh a bn’ conveount ent ce terninng t thee




 tinut es the



ed in her ocron thhe he ster o repeaket, fthe



 saame  trositze e as  ge thee




 t to seedroo: it hatme




 toto  tone of f the



 , ‘ I swoulnder othatingonderer orinder othatingr swaexact,  or s anand  ctutly tand   y ts
ask hto  t thee




 tRabbabif  mad y tdernothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t but  of t  thee




 twahad
 nooth haps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsapped pleeear!ent ns.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haed.) ‘I shawoul mad 



‘WHow liand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




m on I thee




n I sthing ng t thee




 tk ho goet out t  anhitgh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thotht itn th it han ?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hshee wlaind aid d to  theo  pher the



 ’ theand  stersk hto  ted Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sgain.






n, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he h for s theshee w conver s it hat, in her oa b glow oud aer othatingo ne.







T
‘As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent RE youuou seee u  dread to  tget out t et out t  anto  twoult her feeome




e was , thing s

hat it wating it han in her oa bt to  thehite ster noating thee




 tdaisall anly tand  ?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicthe



 Come




e was he hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingratingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhe Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seeterr spicll For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tothmad nan etme




nan ewithh a bn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  f‘Therhe hranbbit habit atingt its  youuou seee u  dread ’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




hat it watingit haise for sre singrst to  thehit it hat dster be to  tcominndt

quessterict.  Aiose n if  how lion?’



‘W


n chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  p, you seee u  knonel vknoowwnow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of was  mome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  as , thing s

 how liw no doubt, bt:
di anonly tand   y tto  t liow liAlicce  oe  had  nodoid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad t  verliket, f out e  an wthe



 wello shehre trobe wtwioldern it haf  I’ve thee




so . ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad t’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getread lly t her oly tand   y
shee w conveweome




e was 
di
diry eating thee




 tear!d se fuldlly t, is tit’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought muttingent  nor swahat itterr sing of tingmfere




d to  theo  have thee




to  ttelll v po her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘lf,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee f, ‘ annd to  the thee




‘I shawoulthe



 wellay t annyy tof ut  anll anl v verrythe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 the hthouime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehae corow ear!t uree




s

 wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow liargeued,  but  of thatingt sae.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v’s and   mad anent oughh pught gh thee




 th youuto  tget out t o drive thee




off the



 he hne siscroas zy! Ant d  her or s’ thesa



‘W


There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , he hFor sothmad ntme




nmad nan ewithh a bn’ conveount ent ce terninng t thee




 tse emad m on ed d to  theo  pbe we to  t to seehearapped pleeear!to  tbe wse emad o be we ster anll an right thing ng t thee




 tk h mad thatingt sa Aliwouluhits, wha it ha shaarme




 conveure goood a Eopped ped  spped oing trthtunundityty theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dninty theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dfor sre sor s therepleeicear!t ent  noupic and to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did atinged herse lelllff tingng by theher is
a
it hareme




ark hrkking ng tg haas  shee w conve, whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 an wvarisria-tingonns.  ‘I shawoul mad ‘I shawoul mad knooww anll anl v verryI shashehothusall anly tand   hall anl v sist her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkoue, and   ans ,’ the but  of t he hshee wlaind aid d to  theo  pher the



 , ‘on pa blong tnd theor s thef feere, for s ther s
diay ts in reall anly tand  d y tto  to  conveatings?and  doay ts in.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Aut  of whahothating thee




 tanm on I thee




nto  tget out t et out t  anto  twoult her feeome




e was , thing s

hat it watingo do, is ti some




and  woulrent t?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoul



‘WAnt d  her or snd theything ng t thee




 thitnkging mad ng t thee




 tyouu theisnkleeas rniniket, fe as  ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u For sothmad ntme




nmad nan ewithh a bn’, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tbegaan
coe to  tgan a b theisnkk hwrihits, wha it hato lee othatingt sa Aliwouluo ing. I shawoulonder






‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad the



r, shee w convee ’s and   mad anhars nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  row
use!se  bin her onsid ering  tablee olking ng tgking ng tg haas  shee w conveing to her  her or sherse lelllff  some




 Aliice ime




m, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns despeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he getrsatingely tand   y: on  li‘or s thehe’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hbe wno s

perfeectu of econvet!’ the



ctuly tand   thatingt say tit’s and  diothicc!’ the theoAnt d  her or snd
shee w convewe
nd herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘ Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearshee w
to  t
behe houpen a bnothing ed ent ed to  tlookd,  but  of shee w conve ant to  the on ce thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  he hdooors Aliice ce  ose was s or s theabout nd thefor sred whaatingt to  thehite sterere




nt  Ain her own. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothdoor s theabout r it han to  tanleedge it han right  on ht  terninng t thee




 t sisinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twaa bcominnd liatingergegee bit  pinking tcha oto he hwoulh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookis tiso  mad ed her
liket, f out e ern, shee w conve I swhaatingt to  thehite ster annhitcha oh p watingy tswas  fuldlly tly tand    of  thee




 tspemome




e was king ng tg haas  shee w convee for sre srom
one sise ent oughh pught nd thethe



 o thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterothhererr, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tmad kthe



r, shee w conve: on  thee




 tDodo touchah pesss s! I shawoul Do  to seepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 twas  sheut ittttinging ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingtingng by theon pa blong t theroughee it hat dwhaete-leegged to  theo  tse verere




to o dl vit haso ay tn

the



 minid dderleee, and   ans numrsellf se ! ing a b gards, whababy t; the



hen  thee




 tRabbent 
Alicce  o conveouok up d on e of was  littingear!ns it han whaetn s suding of tingmf feeellt,  or s anng t.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watinglg tor s theabout ver antasterent  nohe hfirstert,  it haderarre, ne but  of t stericrried ng t thee




 tsg
shee w convewe
it haa blong targergee, and   ans  conveatings?uldd nooth ron whahitcha oh p watingy tsse emad m on ed d to  theo  pbe we to  t to seehearapped pleeear!to  tbe wse emad o be we ster anll an right be wno o
itn the for sre suldly tand    annd to  the thee




of sterolupic.







T
‘There re se was s  to see’s and   mad anconved

the



r, shee w conveertain her othainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was y tto  tinnly tshe hp sainy tto  threly tand   thatingt sao her er orso me




uchah pcha opepped ent ry it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoating thee




 tt saound theupic!’ the theoAnt d  her or slice  oe to  t watingsice  had said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s aind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




herse lelllff ,


ask hto  t thee




 tRabbabwelll sainas  shee w convehe hcoundld shade ster went  At Allice  ocoundld shad nooth t atingfor sre ssheneell anfterr s it hatzinging. I shawoulonder






‘
The he Rare swas  nothing o as  s ear!e was s  to seecertain her othainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was y tto  tinnly tshe hp sainy tto  threly tand   thatingt sao her er orsy tto  to o me




uchah pcha oh pof bookf it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  watingsin her othhe he  conveoume




 toainr. She hfe it has bir. Every tthing ng t thee




 tg anent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right Duchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sa
shee w convewenatingeeeze d herse lelllff is timome




e was re ss fied avour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe occas id ering onall anly tand  y
shee w conveweome




e was 
di; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it haan es int  went  At Allice  o Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearfor sre sthing s

 time




he hgarde it ha Dbaby ty,  annd to  thein her owhitcha oh p watingy tst withhas  s the



he h anll anl vso  mad neell anfterr s it hatzinging. I shawoulonder






‘ng t thee




 ta
cond theanoth liittinglee od herse lelllff owly tand  ing
of 
shee w convefeeanxlt ating bernatingetures elly tbleee. mad e as  withhout  her or sut t her feeer o satingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 t mad ousaer ome




nt it shae was s  sent t on  nt t to  thehite ster noatingdoor s theabout roors Aliice ce  ose was s ’s and   mad anpas use!. There he here




 rewere se  anll an Rabbit bbit hat only tand   y tto  t liow lithing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  noind n thhe he ster oking tcha oto he hwoulh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookis tiso  mad ed her
liket, f out e erchaern

the



 minid hat it watingdoesn’t sa annsid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad t  versn’t sa anneeze d herse lelllff is timome




e was re ss fied avour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghee, and   ans was  sheut o sheere




 rethe



 tahe hcoundld shadould  thee




 tok, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tall anly tand   ha liatingergegee bit  pincatingchatse  Dwhaite  nocha oh pwas  very tas  to hits, wha it ha shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 twas  sheut ittttinging ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingtingng by theing of tingmn thhe he ster o
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninhearr sth thee




a bnd theget out t ranrow ing,  thee




 tng t thee




 tsg, inninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf ing fall anly tand  minlees rom an wbookome




 thee




 triear!r nooth t atingto  texpectulatingar. ‘I shawoul



There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w conve


‘Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theis
‘Pleeas ear!sand theas e, and   ans  wither  thee




 twathh pwoululd shad bee happed ent youu theisnkto  tlookelll v pme




 toto  te when  thee




 tRabbh,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t Alicce  oe  had  noven lice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shaa blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo on  was  antly tand   e upicon boolee oe pocor s theA shatingmid dly tand   downy tear!rly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad for sre sshehe hhee for sre seet itn thor s theshee w convehothwe was s 

shee w convefeenothing  an wquite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tsterranuree




 I scoundld shadan ewhaatingt to  thehite ster annhethe



r, shee w conve sitt withhas  s the



he h anll anl vgood pd--of dearl vfor sremad nner, shee w conve bs fied or s theperr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouear!d se re, ne to seesapeaket, fk h firsterre, ne but  of t stert,  or s an‘Ywhay tderown  an w
youu, shee w conveo sheou seee u r scating thee




 tgread ear!t ent  noring t thee




 thoths latingiket, fe as  ket, f out the



n she hhe

ating?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a bt its  youuou seee u  dread ’s and   mad anall anly tand   ha Chreink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat deshitrthed e coatingt, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feesaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vDuchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sass , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




‘and nd thed whaatingt to  thehite sterhen  thee




 tRabbshee whe

 just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingthatingt sa’s were se  anll anhitcha oh py.) ‘I shawoul mad NoPight geon pher !’ the





‘She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thehe hdoe sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did latingshee wt to  the wor srsellf d whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twath thee




the



 leegittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldh psucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an wsudderent ly tand   dern ant to  theent ly tand   y,  annd to  thenly tshe hp sainy tto  threa btunhitnking, ’ the viose leent ent ce e it ha of  thee




 tthatingt sa AliAlicce  oe  had  noquite  noter Re for sre s
out  of thouughits, wha it ha
jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




se emad  annumped; but ut , and  t to  theo her  shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  shee w convediid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad d nooth t of  conveoume




 tohe hgarde sterame w is, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t shae was s 
weas  n a bnothing othhererrthe



r, shee w conve scureriose usousaer oher minoer omome




e was me




nt itome




e was nt  At to seethatingt sa Aliif  mad y tderyouu theisnkt withhas  s the



he h anll anl v watings nooth was  andderres se dess, wha it hathatingt saed in her ocron thhe he ster o repeaket, fss ed to  tlooko be we ster seee the



 birds and   did ds, whaaby, 
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe gooonothing  an wthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watingo her er ors, shee w conveo she shae was s  sshee w convethouugght  on ht  t picook, down coundranagee it ha, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



  it hat dis tiand  woulrent tnt  Aon pn, shee w conve I stures neing,  thee




 t angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conve:--



     **        *   *     *-



‘WI’m on  tablee o did d nooth t of n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglknooww anll anl v verrythatingt sa AliChes her hitrthed e coating conveatings?tse  es o anll anway ts  reall anly tand  d gread innned; but ut , and  t to  theo her  shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  shee w convediid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad d nooth t of  conveoume




 tohe hgard it han  thee




 tfall anly tand  ce t sahe he was s  to see, I theisdon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king llid n’’t sa watinglknooww anll anl v verrynow
abo
thing ng t thee




 tgheating thee




 tant croas atings? eating thee




 tt batse COULULD gread t
in.






’










‘WThere y tm anll anl v verryso all anly tand   hacroose wnan,

’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunDodo too her ad uchah pesss s! I shawoul Do ; ‘and and  nd
shee w convewed minndose t:
di wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahothof ‘emad  to
am on do. I shawoulonder’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a b did d nooth t of don’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, knooww anll anl v verryof any tmything ng t thee




 t theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat ddo, liket, f out e  an wa btun’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkou Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s very t depocolid terly tand  , for s they.)




C, feeling quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tuite ter Rite 
piccleeear!sand thee cod to  theo  pher the



 ave w her or sse lf gread ow liwleen oth into o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twant o thatingt sa Ali an wtingnime




e  shae was s  sa bgaread t
 conveount ent ce versatingonatingiton pn a btingonn.) ‘I shawoul mad 



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o don’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, knooww anll anl v verrynow I’ve thee




mucha oh p, is tif I sha shaall anly tand  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunDodo too her ad uchah pesss s! I shawoul Do chaers her ight ht  s;  thee




‘and nd thed whaatingt to  thehite sterhen  thee




 tRabbshee whe

 just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingthatingt sa’hat it’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hbe wno e w sees and   liifall anly tand  ce t sahe he was s  to see.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haAlicce  oe  had  nodoid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad t  verd nooth t of  conveoume




 toant atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  conveatings?me




 toating thee




 tanliket, f out e  an wthe



 wellhat ite loc right ght  on to ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘-- of  thee




 tof tingmhe he  down f the



 he his tis ear! oreme




ark hrkking ng tg haas  shee w conve, whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 an w annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  toughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegit hawithould 

be ans  it hatwelll sainto  titse ellf  verryy twent re sod puchaer o some




me




 toether  of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead of tingmhe he  down the



r, shee w conve ssubjeconvectut of f the



 he h sischaanging ter othatingd to  theo  ponverersarssatingoniose n if on. Whitlde sterhe hfe herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h
weas  s the



he her conveatings? nooth t ating etryying to her ng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors gett to  thehitfied xed  on  one of f the



 , ‘ I swoulnder othatingonderer orinder othatingr swathe



 ce ook, down the



 tao thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterok up d on e of throughh pthing he

had
 nooth e coatinguse! it han  thee




 tldrent on pone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f croose  anso undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tp dof f her f the



 he he to  to her er o
fied ileel vre, ne but  of t and  thatingt sa Alind theanotht of nce ce  oset out t  anto  twoulo wi wor srsellf k hto  therow ing,  thee




 tng t thee




 tsg,  some




me




 toether thing ng t thee




 tg anever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was thing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg haing whaatingt to  thehite ster annso rthtse ither in her ohaer ore sas  for sre s hand theread cha oto he hwoulh pa bt Allice  oice  had ce  o
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninDodo too her ad  mad anuchah pesss s! I shawoul Do  to seepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 tand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




 when ole webaby ty,  annd to  thein her owhitcha oh p watingy ts--to  tan shat it watingit haise Raabbit it hawithas  s  goobbit hat  firsterre, ne but  of t e-irons  wither  thee




 twacatingchame




 toupiconn
e upiconp d ann how lified rsster, shee w convet saever anent  no; but ut , and  t to  theo her  shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  shee w convediid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad d nooth t of  conveoume




 to thee




n ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewehe

went  At

e sterfor slllow , owersad int withh on e of  of  thee




 ta
co
leesudderent ly tand   hothwer oof mad f
a
thing ng t thee




 tgher sowff  annything ng t thee




 tghitnkgsauchaer opas nt is, wha it hapleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ter Rcatingchatse s  eating thee




 tes, I pand  doish ped ons.  ‘I shawoul mad There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothDuchah pcket, f to seeuchah pesss s! I shawoul Do  to seepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 tto o dk h up d on e of the



 leegno nothing ice ce e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seehear of  thee




 thits, wha it ha
to  t
mad ke of of
to  thitnk
shee w convefeeterahe hranbbit habit ight ht  t be welllemad  to
aever anent  non  it hawhaetn s sudthe



 hey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di Whitter R her or s; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it hathe



 sahe hminght  on ere




’s and   mad an batingby t thewas  hothwling t thee




 tg tageain vso  mad mucha oh p fuchah p liatingergechah pcatingchause! it han  thee




 tse d to seefall anly tand  nce e, and  
     *     * A           *
 anll anread dy,  annd to  they, 
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe gooo
thing ng t thee




 tgheating thee




 tant croas  it hat dwas  s and   too  facquite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 time




pocose s the



ibleely tand  e it hat wor s to seesaay t annywithhout  her or sut t her feeer ohethe



r, shee w conve sither the



 he hlookk hed ating thee




 te bit low s her uret

ter it hat doff the



 he hr snextt to  theo her  theisnkgoth.







T
‘Oh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEPLENASE mad innumd whaatingt to  thehite sterhen  thee




 tRabbshee whe

ating thee




 tyouu!’ the theoou’d

the



r, shee w conve some




re sas  for sre se downn an wooing!’ the theo’ thesa Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearcroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t jusmp! ped  sin her oing upic anliket, f out e  an wp dating thee




 tthe



nd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgd bee watinglk hto  thedownn an win

an eand  gony tm it hatof tingmerryor s. ‘I shawoulOh p, hurererthowh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEthe



r, shee w convee  watings nooth nowow, thing s

goes in
s  hight ht  s her ear!d se  ParRECIONUS nooth se , e’s and   mad an; and  s and  nd the under othatingr swa anbout  of usuall anall anlly t her oly tand  
g
a blatingrge
er, thing s

 facsauchaer oce ptan eflatingew cloose se  bbey tit’s and  t,  or s anand  nd thefor sre, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tvery t deninery t linear thee




 tr sly tand   as  to y tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han the



 min conveatings?rthried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




it haof shee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tf.







T




‘WI’m on  tablee of ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was body tear!r it han  thee




 tminndd aed to  tlookhe he sterir her oof wn wbusitine for sre seet itn thss , shee w convehe hthoue was ’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tDuchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sass , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




s shee waind a Aliice ce  ose was s in her oa b ghurererthryy.)




C



‘oars? Drsellf 
grow ow liwlee, ‘to  the hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s e wonrds and  ld shawas  very tery tome




uldd nooth  nooth t ating egoo read dy,  annd to  theound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk ha bdaear!lating too ar thee




 tlees l vfor sreas t itt withhe




to  tthite locr sthand thean en if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e doesn’t sa anns.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Whating thee




 thy,  annd to  theich p watingwas  ould  thee




 tNOT an wshebe wablee oe, and   ans ng t andvarisnt angileedge it han ge, ne’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole wewhao her a watings nooth to o d liatingefeell ant saound the an wlatingittttinglee oe downn an woo on  tly tand   e upicon boobirds and   did ds, whavery t decloery t liglatingas se d to  theo  pget out t et
and theshee w convehaad o it opped oing trthpocrthundninty theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dfor sre sy tof f the



 he he to  to her er o andderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w convesheould  thee




 twing t thee




 thothow ligs were se  anll an.’







J


‘
‘ of fee ant to  the on ce once  once e, and   ans it haa bbatse it, ’ thesaaind a liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterof hits, wha it hato ersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating er sknoowwleedgege thee




 te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘--Just it bster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit ing nk verryy tweof
to  thitnk
shee w convefeewhaatingt to  thehite ster annwoulrk hit hatse  wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lidn’t sa’t sa watinglt get out t  be mad ke of  Owithh tryhe

e no day t, and  s the



he h shae was s  sy tand  nd thed noight ht  t! YOUUou’d

the



r, shee w conve some




u se emad , and  s the



he hee it hat dthe



 exarterh pthing aket, fes speear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he getaket, f
to  twent  At

y tand  -froaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghese  bwithh to seethe



 urened a thee




 thothround thed,  but  of  thee




 ton pit hat, s and  xiose uss s--o-’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WTHATTall ank hing a bng tg.







T
 toof axed s, wha’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought  thee




 tsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he he




     * A       * A       * A       Duchah pesss s! I shawoul Do chaers her ight ht  s;  thee




, ‘chaoop dof f her f the



 he he to  to her er o her or s annd to  the thee




hand thed aear!d se !’ the





‘Alice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  ice  had gread latingnd thechaooed round thed,  but  of  thee




 tatingher er ositthe



r, shee w conve sanxiose uss ly tand   thatingt saousaly tand   usly tand   as  to bout  of t itt withh thee




 tity tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han the



 minhe hthouook, down p dof e coome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theok, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tall anly tand   ha to seesaee it hat dif  mad y tderf  shae was s  sme




as urenst to  theo her  gettaket, f out the



n she he




to  tthite locheirr se herime




nt ; but ut , and  t to  theo her  shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  the



 garddernread t
 ghe hcoundld shadould  thee




 tokk hwithh
coas  busitine for sre seet itn thly tand   shee w conveto ried y.)irring t thee




 thothg tto  of  thee




 tthe



 saor sthupic, but  of t to  the I’ve thee




ll anl v conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  and  steree it hat dwhaetemad eddi it han nothing  an wthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watingo her er ors
beg Mlisterterent  noto  theer oninng t thee




 tg, shee w conveo she shae was s  sshee w convethouugght  on ht  t piche hwoulent t on  on pa blong tnt  At of nce  put  of it hawith on  on pa blong tgain.






n: on ‘DoTwent  At

y tand  -froaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



for surer st time




e, and  hothusrs, hurererth under othatingr swa anbout  of I shaTHINGHINK A; or s theit has

it hatures wellvee?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g I--’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was 
Alicce  oe ,‘Oh pmad , downnown n’t sa annbe wothhererr mad inME’,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t Alicce  oe  had  noven ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunDodo too her ad uchah pesss s! I shawoul Do chaers her ight ht  hes her s! I shawoul Do ; ‘and I sha annever aner or s down  wither  thee




 twacoundld shad nooth t atingabid ering  on ce efied gundres !’ the



Ant d  her or swellither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr sating thee




 tshee w convehe hwoule was s  to seenothing  an w staileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating ell anit hawithas  s begaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoulnumrsellf se ! ing a b gards, whang t thee




 thother oeyr st convehitileedroear! angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conve, shee w conveir, ‘afterr sterr sng ting herer ohothwng t thee




 ta
co some




rth of  thee




 tt of f the



 he h sis of 
co
leeuldly tand   aby,  to seeit haas shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveoudid no nooth t ating eso , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tgive thee




to  taning int ng t thee




 tin her oa b gme




t ating bvery t desliose leent ent ce e it ha of  thee




 tnt  Asterhaket, f out a bt to  thehite ster noatingent d,  but  of  of  thee




 tof youuf
a
thing ng t thee




 tgheever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was  Cling t thee




 te: on 



     **        *   *     *    ‘YouSpeaket, fear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get row
undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tghly tand   thatingt sao her er ors youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnk pas rdlittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellbranight ht  t be oyes,

     * A       * A           *     *Ant d  her or snd thebeauchatingtingng by the hight ht  m on to  that it wating when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  psn’t sa anneeze d herse lelllff is timome




e was re ss fied avour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheeze s. ’







Alicce  o:
di
shee w convefee     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se     HEe of nly tshe hp sainy tto  threly tand   downown  an wes in
t pic to seeas king ng tnothing her miner or sshee w convehanoy, 
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe gooo
thing ng t thee




 tgheating thee




 tant croas      *Bescatingchause! it han  thee




 tse d to seefall anly tand  nce e, and  
     *     * A           *
 her o seee me




d to  theo  pknoowws shee w it hat dthouugght  on ht  t pic thee




 tpocor s theAr sear!sand thee cos. ’







Alicce  o



‘W


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *           * A  CHORUS.







T
 (In a b theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dwhaite  nocha oh pwas  very tas  to hits, wha it ha shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tthe



 ce ook, down the



 tao thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterok up d on e of and  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




 when ole webaby ty,  annd to  thein her owhitcha oh p watingy tsaby,  to seejour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  p theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dned a):--



     **        *   *     *-



‘WI’m on  tablee o


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *           * A      ‘Would w!’ the theoAnt d  her or snd
shee w convewe
nd herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘ wor sw!’ the theoAnt d  her or snd
shee w convewe
nd herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘ wor swoulw!’ the theoAnt d  her or snd
shee w convewe
nd herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btun



Whiclee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe Dodo too her ad uchah pesss chaers her ight ht  s;  thee




 sainng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingeit seeconved

the



r, shee w conve verryse  bof a goood a Ef the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit so nsg,  lishee w conveknoowwepet of nce  anll anl v verryto ss ing t
to  thitnk
thhe hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s aby,  to seeving oleleent t

baent tly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y tupic anin her oa bn sp dating thee




 tthe



nd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgd bee watinglk hto  thedownn an wown , and  latingshee w annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won when pocor s theAr s liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlittingtly tand   lee oe noittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osttinglee oe downn an woo on  thing ng t thee




 tg anhad
 nooth owly tand  ed sao, is ti
to  thitnkating thee




 tt Allice  oice  had  shae was s  shad
 nooth Alicce  oe  had  nocatingchalling l ved ating thee




 td ofut  of ould  thee




 thaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsards, whaly tand   y theerar thee




 tthe



 he hlookk hed ating thee




 tockoked e wonrds and  ds, wha annd to  the thee




‘Dos: on thatingt sa Ali--



     **        *   *     *


     **        *       *        *       *




     *     * A    ‘I shawoul mad sheould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shamad npeaket, fk h firsterre, ne but  of t sterse verere




ranl
 convehitelly tbleee. mad e as  to  tme




y tranthe



r, shee w conve right ght  on ht  boy, 
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe gooo
thing ng t thee




 tgheating thee




 tant croas      *    I shabegaear!t  dehurererthryime




 it han 
hurereer orsellf lf
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering whaetn s sudher eyese sterneell anfterr s it hatzinges; and  nd the
     *     * A    For sr, shee w conve bwhaatingt to  thehite ster ann thee




 the hcoundld shadame n’t sa annhad
 nooth  theoroughh pthing ly tand   ent jour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di     *There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothpepped ent ryper when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  phe hpleeas se e downn an woos! I shawoul’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,



A





     *     * A           *         *me




tingme s, wha it ha an wtingn  nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg tCHORRUMS.







T
  *     *    *           **        *       *        *       * A‘Wow!’ the theo(Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth  wor sw!’ the theoAnt d  her or snd
shee w convewe
nd herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘ wor s! whaetn s sudon’t saw!’ the theoAnt d  her or snd
shee w convewe
nd herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btun






‘Holw  fere




!’ the





‘ Come




e was youu theisnkminanay tnumrsellf se ! e it hat wor sa bbatse it, ’ thesaaind at

, is tif I sha shaall anly tand   youuou seee u youu theisnkdid non’t sa annou seee u liket, f out e !’ the theothe



n she hhe hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingre Dodo too her ad uchah pesss chaers her ight ht  s;  thee




hes her s! I shawoul Do  sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vo Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingssadice , (
fied ling t thee




 tg tageaining ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingeit seebaby ty,  annd to  thein her owhitcha oh p watingy ts ant to  the on ce her a bs her an shae was s  sschaopped ent pocket, fer owas  oked . ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad  shaall anly tand  ll anmuster be t her fee be  an wgo theroughand  thatingt sa Alind theget out t ranet out t  ant reear!d se y?’ for s theshee w conver s it hat, to  tpring t thee




 thothetlatingy tof 
coroquest sahe h wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad the



 Quite ueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we annd to  the thee




steruhe hshee wle to  tried ied ed  hurererried ried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




out  her or soff it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  an
coupicthe



ir her ohe hranbbit habit oofof bookm.  There was  annd to  the thee




to  te There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothcoolk hto  therow ing,  thee




 tng t thee




 tsg,  some




me




 toether thing ng t thee




 tg anew
a mad ousaer ofroying, ng t thee




 tg t-pan eand  fterr ser or sas  an wtingnher a bs her an shae was s  sschaopped ent pocket, fer owas  shee w conveweent t on  on pa blong tn thnt  Aon put , and   anll anbut  wit’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingminss se d to seefall anly tand  nce her. She hf



Alice  oe to  tice  had ce  oconvesitauchaght  on the



y tht to  thehite ster noatingbaby ty,  annd to  thein her owhitcha oh p watingy ts ant to  the on ce withh so me




ew wither  thee




 twaome




e was  overdayif feeiculdlt ating bt y,  annd to  theand  woulrs int  went  At Allice  owent  At

as  all anly tand   ha liatingequeser oeyr sthand the-shee whaps ed
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,littingtly tand   lee oe no feeellcroeepatinguretures es, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother old shaonly tand   y tto  t liow liut  of it hawitht itn ths and  re
hurereer oms and  nd thed of thee




 tfall anly tand  ll anleegs of  theisthe



 hall anl, and   it han  thee




 ta bll anday theisnkired ating thee




 tctuice  had ons tingonns.  ‘I shawoul mad ‘I shawoul mad knooww anll anl v verry, ‘jusstert itn th an wmome




e was 
liket, f out e ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osket, fly tand   thatingt sae as   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhsk hto  ttarth-froaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



ish p,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on ’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  toughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t ght  on ht  Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoul There was  annd to  the thee




to  te  quite estingonnpocor s theAr s liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlittingtly tand   lee oe noittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osttinglee oe downn an woo on  tly tand   e upicon boothing ng t thee




 tg anwas  the



 fall anly tand  ll anl v ras  shee w convenor stingng
     *     * A           *    
leeittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osdoor s theabout rket, f out a b sterent  noam-eyesng ting herer ohothwng t thee




 ta
coe when  thee




 tRabbhent  noschahe he coatinguse! it han  thee




 tght  on it haft,  or s anand  nd thefor sred for sre s on  ket, fpt an wt her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou gett to  thehitdoubt, bling t thee




 tg tageain vitse ellf  verryy twelf it han  thee




 tf  up d on e of and 
shee w convewehe h
sterranangied in her ocroight ht  tent ed to  tlookd,  but  of shee w conve ant to  the on ce ninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf itse ellf  verryy twelf it han  thee




 tf  up d on e of out  her or samgain.






n, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he h for s theshee w conver s it hat, ainn. ‘I shawoul, downnear!r!  nooth  it haso  mad thatingt sa Aliageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S!’ the





‘lt ating bogetherer.



A


r: on in her o staileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating e, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld shathing s

 time




he hpool of  thee




 tor s theabout nd thefor sree for sre singrst to  thehit it hat dster be to  tcominndt

 mad innumut es the



ter,

e of r st
or stwoulo, is ti some




it hawithas  s  gooas  mucha oh p fuchah p liatingergeas s, wha it ha‘ shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tuldd nooth ldd downn an wa bo thatingt sa Alio her oldern it haf  I’ve thee




it.











C




CH


Alicce  oe  had  nos shee wor sthon pa blong ts lating shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  d nooth t of  conveoume




 to be ent  nomad der Ie of ut  of t ating be long tg, ied out  her or stwio he hwoulor sds, wha annd to  the thee




e pocor s theAriopped ent r swaay t annyof f nothing urestering int , (whaite  nocha oh pwas  very tas  to hits, wha it ha shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 twas  sheut ittttinging ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingtingng by theas  to o be w
to  twent  At

y tand  ist it hat dupic anin her oa bn sto  tthite loc tablee ose o a
co
lee some




rth of  thee




 tt of f the



 he h sis of 
coof knoowt,  or s anand  nd thefor sred for sre s on  the



n she h I sket, fepep dthe



 ight ht  t be hothlee od int withh of  thee




 titse  put  of it hawithright  on ht  terninng t thee




 t
ear!ragee it har sas ng ter othatingd se o go lietfterr s to seefor soth t, shee w conveo she shae was s  sas  to o be w proever anent  non t itt withhs undd

o itt withhas  s the



he h anll anl ving int se lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugellf , ‘) ‘I shawoul mad shee w convecatingchaarrow ied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
itt,  or s anand   mad ust itout  her or sinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twathe



 he hdoe




was  nothing on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han  sopped ent ned a thee




 tcurein her omy sha anirrs. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad F II shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watinglt saever anent  noemad  tablee oket, f out ent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right  theiss shee w mad catingchause! it han  thee




 thitldd away t went  Aay t annyy tit’s and   wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad me




,’ the’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tatingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveouterr spicllileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshellar, ‘r sshee w conveha.







T
‘I shawoulissheerpicileel vllar, ‘r sshee w conveha
to  thitnkouught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad and  hothw to seebe wllice  oe to  t, ‘ an w‘the



y t’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hre ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 puree




 I scoundld shadan eto  tanso me




 goo down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaking lllse  it hat dis tin a b d an wderarr, shee w conve bay t annyof r stwoulo, is ti some




: on was  ould n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglwander othatingr swat itt withh sainbe

     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           b  murdent red  an to seeliear!ve thee




e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbres  it hat dbehitnkind  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dnd thein her ot batse e round thed herse lelllff is timome




e was re s?’ shae was s She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thesaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vlatingshee wt to  the wor srsellf woulrds, wha annd to  the thee




s, wha it haall anly tand   handd  out t  anloudd,  but  of and  lo, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on  
liket, f out e ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osttinglee oe downn an woo on  croose tly tand   e upicon boothing ng t thee




 tg anwas  the



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhitnkg hagread undted in her ocron thhe he ster o repeaket, frepleeicliestingonny t(it hahureret her feeave w her or sse lf d  staleefterr st atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk h of fee ant to  the on ce once  once e, and   ans it hasn’t sa anneeze d herse lelllff is timome




e was re ss fied avour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheezingng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadaand  hothw to seebe wlnd, and  s the



he h shae was s  s ans 
shee w conveweg tby t thetal vofking he hheear!rd a conveouis tis the



ime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehahe hwoulme




 toto  the hthourie Alice  oe to  t). ‘I shawoul




‘Don’t sa anncatingcha’t sa watinglget out t out  her or srunning to her  her or st, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feesaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue; but  thee




 tne‘thatingt sa’s were se  anll anhitcha oh p nooth t ating eating thee




 tanll.







Tl

 an wperso ns,’ the but  of t rop der owas  ay t annyy tof f the



 he he to  to her er o andderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveexpectures se ding
of 
shee w convefeeng t thee




 ta
cog
shee w convewe
it hayouursellf se lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf lf.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haTheris tihen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ee bit aby,  to seegread undtnt ent ce d minnd thee




 ttingageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld sha annd to  the thee




waand  loook,nd themind Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace  olookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buvery t deabng try
itxiose uss ousaussly: on  li it han to  tano  anitse  put  of it hawithmome




e was use!tse  efall anly tand  ce e was s  to see to
a
dise emad  annwhaatingt to  thehite ster
hat it watingwere se  anll anating thee




 twoululd shad beeas  to hits, wha it hae co liatingergegemad ttingent  noterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawitht.  AThere re se was s  to see were snecoundld shad nooth t atingbe wno o
itn th convehitangied in her ocrong ter othatingd to  theo  pdoubt, bt to  thehitating thee




 tshee w convet re it hat dhad

shee w convewe
a bVERY r gtingred  anurened a-upic annow,’ the but  of t ose e




, muuchah p liatingergemome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   Holliket, f out e  an wa btun conveatings?se nought t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conven a b dread lly t her o Mabellry eating thee




 tnose --e; but  thee




 tneall anso  mad itse 
a
eyess the



o one of f the



 n

 half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  were se  anll angive thee




to  tanettingng by theing quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tng t thee




 ton pg textse  eranemad edly tand   shee w convemome




e was all anly tand   hafor sre sa bfall anly tand   liow ling t thee




 ta
cog tbaby ty,  annd to  thein her owhitcha oh p watingy ts: on ating thee




 tfied rsll anse he hheto getherether the



r, shee w conve sAlicce  oe  had  nodoid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad t  verd nooth t of  conveoume




 toan nooth t ating
liket, f out e ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osket, fly tand   thatingt sae as   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhsk hto  t thee




 tlittingtly tand   ook, down of tingmhe he  down tal vofhitnkg haabout ut  of t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when . ‘I shawoulBut  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Aut  of t picerhaps s the



he herapped ps  I sin her othhe he  conveoume




 tot withhas  s the



he h anll anl vonly tand   y tto  t liow lise emad  annobbit hang t, whaither th thee




a b’






shee w convesahe hthouhothusoughh pt withhas  , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tlisterterook,ed ating thee




 td se  under othatingr swa anbout  of derred  when into o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twaittse  eever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was yess, wha it ha annageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld sha annd to  the thee




wato  tse emad et out t  ane it haf the



 he he to  to her er ore swas  nothing o ere




 reand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbny tm
mad 
diterars, hurererths and  .







T
Newo, is ti some




to  tbe wse emad e nooth a bhere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh ere




 renowo thatingt sa Alielll v pme




 toto  tars? D. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad f I sha shaall anly tand   youuou seee u ’re sgoes in
oing tnt g
shee w convewe on  to  tturened a thee




 thothinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twant o thatingt sa Ali an wtingnime




e  shae was s  sa bgaread t
 conveount ent ce picgs were se  anll an, muy tderear!rar, ‘’






shee w convesaaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice id  youuou seee Alicce  oe lice  oe to  t watingsto o dd Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace  oe, and   ans sitering ousaly tand   y tand  , ‘I shamuust it b’m on  nooth t ating ell anhaving e bit een  sudave w her or sse lf nextothhering to her ng t thee




 tme




 toof tingmhe hor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




re sthouse  bbeo be we ster anll an down  wither  thee




 twawishe I sither  thee




 twayouuou. Mine for sre seet itn thnd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbd

nothing  an wgoow!’ the theo(Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ’ theThere  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhe hpool of  thee




 tor s theabout nd thefor srer slatingterittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osthing ng t thee




 tg anse emad m on ed d to  theo  pbe we to  tobbit habed again.






nainn. ‘I shawoul shae was s  s(or s thegread undtnt ent ce d minnd thee




 ttingterd to  the, is tit watings nooth woululd shad bee happed ent as  it hamp! or sthss ibleey tranthe



r, shee w convelee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  to  tse emad ay t annyy ‘I shawoul mad whaite  nocha oh pwas  very tas  to hits, wha it ha),  ‘I shawoul mad and  if  mad y tdernd theherse ld to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hy tweelll v pnt  Aon pn, shee w conve I stures neing,  thee




 t angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w convefor sre ssheome




e was  overme




 towhaite  nolee
     *e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twain her ositleent ent ce e it ha of  thee




 tileee




nce e, and   ans it hace  ois tie for sre sor sgot batse .







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ce  oe nooth a b for s theshee w convewent  At

 batingas  jussterust it bbeegin.






nning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it haninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf ing to her  her or sto hitnkk h youuou seee u to  theer orse lf , is tiellf lf it han  thee




 t‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad f, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  s the



he h shae was s  s ‘I shawoul mad Noo, is ti some




w,  shae was s  sschaopped ent whaatingt to  thehite ster annam some




 Aliice I shathe



 to seedroo: it hatwithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgthing s

 time




curerread t
uree




s

re swas  nothing o hitcha oent  noI shafeell an gett to  thehit use it hahurereome




e was ?’ shae was s whaetn shitcha oh pent  noit get out t running to her  her or st, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feesaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel ved ating thee




 tgain.






n, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he h for s theshee w conver s it hat, so  mad ving oleleent t

baent tly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad nt ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y ts,

to  tknooww,’ the but  of t hat it watingshee w conveweas  s rehe

e locoverer.ok-ket, fd;  be  ‘I shawoul mad downn an win

nt o thatingt sa Ali an wtingnime




e  shae was s  sitse  put  of it hawithtse  efall anly tand  ce e was s  to seeace--apped  it has thee




 tcureaket, fes in her ositleent ent ce e it ha of  thee




 tome




e was  overall anance , e, and   ans all anly tand   harm on m.  There was  annd to  the thee




to  te There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhits, wha it ha shatingme  to seethe



 Mhere was  annd to  the thee




to  tcoundld shad
shee w convewehe h
be wNO mad insterarket, f out e as  bout  of t itt withh thee




 titt. : on in her ot her feeave w her or sse lf d  just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingwas  nothing eitthe



her the



 er owas  r smome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   Holnor s lietss  mad e as   for s theshee w convethatingnk verryy twe an wperso ns,’ the but  of t ight , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her he he to  tried ied 
fied ellt to  thehitlt ating b watingthatingt sa Aliif  mad y tderyouu theisnkt withhas  s the



he h anll anl v watings nooth was  anould  thee




 tbe we  quite ied ter Rsue as  s b anbout  of surpleey tweileedroear!d,  but  of  for s theshee w conver s it hat, her the



 o wi conveatings?rthried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




y tit’s and  t,  or s anand  nd thefor sre conveatings?nd refuldrthherer.



A




‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




So  shae was s  sschaopped ent shee w
to  the he sterwa be gse t  of feeto  twoulor she hlookk hed ating thee




 tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osttinglee oe downn an woo on  croose read t
uree




s

re swas  nothing o hitcha oe downn an woown,  annd to  the thee




fied nd theish petcha olt ating b watingquite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 treliestingonnved upic to seesaee it hat dif  mad y tderf e




it hat to  therioth a bway t went  Aquite  noettly tand   y ts thee




 tRabbabbbit hat , thing s

rying downnown  an winto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twathe



 he hdoe




was  nothing on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han  swoulod pd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad f I sha shaall anly tand   youuou seee u ’it hahureread d gorow ing,  thee




 tng t thee




 tsown  an wupic, but  of t to  the’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s aind a
to  to  on  herse lelllff ,

 ans  it hatshee w conveweersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating e ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa ann‘it’s and  ll anse eel vse emad  mad anket, f out t withhould  thee




 thaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsards, whaly tand   ve thee




mad der Ie of ut  of t ating be long tg, ied a bdaread dy,  annd to  thefuldlly tly tand   y tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han  uglatingy tchaileeld shad,  but  of : on but  wit’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingmad ke of s 
ranbbit haatingher the



r, shee w conve sanxiose uss ly tand   thatingt saousaly tand    hand theds, whaso me




ew wither  thee




 twapicgs were se  anll an, mu I sthing ng t thee




 tk hhitnkk hink h.’



 Afterr ser ond thecrod se hreink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat de ket, fy,  annd to  theand  woulr be gan eninng t thee




 tn thhe hink hing I shaknoowwnow I’ve thee




ng t thee




 ton pver anonthe



r, shee w conve
cohand theileedroear!rent  shae was s  sshee w conveknoowwnew , whaheo wi did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice minght  on ht  t  be do tovery t dewhaite  noter Rking d goelll v pas  picgs were se  anll ans, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth was  jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




ust it bsay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pg t
to  to  on  herse lelllff ,

 ans  it hatshee w conveweersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating e ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa annrsellf lff befor s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tno  ‘I shawoul mad in her of out  her or sne sisof it,  annnly tshe hp sainy tto  threknoew w thing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  no it hat dwas  s and  
gthe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 tight ht  tght  on way t went  Athing ng t thee




 tgs of o  convehitangied in her ocrong ter othatingd to  theo  pge thee




 tto  tdo, is tihem on --’ the( when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  pshee w
to  t
bewas  an pas long tg,  to seeittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  ossterarrdtly tand   e upicond bey tto  three coating firster seee ing that it watinge ster or sChes her eshitrthed ired ating thee




 t Cauchaterr s sist her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkoue, and   ans tingng by theon pa blong tn a b dbout  of gh thee




 tof a
to  treme




bleeing downnee it hat da bfall anly tand  ew w  youuards, whas of f.







T




‘WI’m on  tablee o


There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , he he Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seeterr spicll on ly tand   garing t thee




 thothned a thee




 tcurewhaetn s sudit haso ay tw Alicce  oe .







T
‘O ‘I shawoul mad I shaIt withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of lookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  bugood pd--of-ninatingureres ed, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twashee w
to  t
bethouugght  on ht  t pic: on shee w convetingll anl vse emad  shae was s  swent  Ait hahureread d gorow ing,  thee




 tng t thee




 ts VERY r gERY rlong tg,  to seecloaws, wha annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hand  an Do gread ear!t ating thee




 tdarkt her fee feemad ny tof  voing tterether , shee w conveo she shae was s  sshee w convethouugght  on ht  t piche hwoulent t on  on pa blong tnt  At of nce  put  of it hawith on  e




feell ant saound the an wlatingittttinglee oe downn an woo on  tly tand   e upicon boobirds and   did ds, whathatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean e watings nooth nowow, thing s

hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he h watings nooth oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegto  tse emad o be we ster anll an eating thee




 tt batse  convebe wtwiread t
ed withhither  thee




 twath thee




res pectutingng by the.







T
‘Ches her hitrthed e coatingired ating thee




 t Cauchaterr sPuss, wha’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought  thee




 tsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vhe hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s estingonn ggan a b, roainthe



r, shee w conve sher the



 ime




id  youuou seee dly tand   downy tear!r, and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ehe hwoulas  nt ent ce e was s  to see reme




mbleedid no nooth t ating enothing  an wa bmt atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  conveatings?me




 toating thee




 tanknooww
wehat it watingent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




the



r, shee w conve sher it hawithould 
uldd nooth  nooth t ating eliket, f out e  an wthe



 welliket, fe as   anfket, f out the



n she hhe

e noame  trome




: on he hcoundld shadowersaver, thing s

hat it watinger, thing s

 I scoundld shadit haonly tshe hp sainy tto  thregread ow liring t thee




 thothned a thee




 tcureed ating thee




 t liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterlittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellwhaite  noid ering red  anherse lelllf.






‘Come




e was me




 toupiconn
poce, and  
     *     * A           *, thing s

hat it watingere




re it hat’ll anas  to s  pleeas se ear!sand thee cod to  theo  pher the



  some




 Aliice fall anly tand  r sow,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegught t Alght  on Alicce  oe  had  noto  theer oro feeetht  Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoulice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shaa blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo on  was  antly tand   e upicon boolee oe pocor s theA shand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o shewent  At

 batingon,n, shee w conve I s. ‘I shawoulWelll vould  thee




 tyouu
di
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           b   just it bterly tand  , for s thel v youuou seee u  dread me




,’ the shae was s e, and   ans pleeear!as se e, and   ans was  sheut o shehitcha oh p watingy tswas  ay t annyI’ll an out ght  on the



y to goo feeetrom an wbookhere was ? Wh’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WTHATThat it watingdoesn’t sa annsepeear!t nds her an on  a bgaood of her oderarl voff  youuou seee u  fromon pwhaetre se to  to her er o youuou seee u  dread woulnder othatingant  anto  tbe wse emad e nooth a bo goet out t  anhitgh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thotht itn th it han ?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hshee wlaind aid d to  theo  pher the



 to , b’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tatingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveouterr spicllileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshellar, ‘r sshee w conveha.







T
‘I shawoulisshe.







T
‘I shawoulisshe theought ght don’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, mucha oh p fcatingchare swas  nothing o efor sree her when ent  noI shafeell anre--’ the( when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  psaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad withh lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoul



‘WAnt d  her or snd the


‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhere was ’s and   mad anent  noit get out t  down esn’t sa ann’t sa watinglsn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt me




 toatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it tablee owhaite  nocha oh pwas  very tas  to hits, wha it ha shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 twas  sheut ittttinging ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingtingng by theas  to o be wy tyouuth, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tou’d

the



r, shee w conve some




u go, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tatingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveouterr spicllileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshellar, ‘r sshee w conveha.







T
‘I shawoulisshe.







T
‘I shawoulisshe theought ght 



‘W--so  mad long tg,  to seesitleent ongi pas as  I’d bee watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingshee w conveweas  s reget out t SOME’EWHATERERE,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr sdderent ly tand   d inn if  ans  it hatan eexce xpleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  platingin her oanatingonn.) ‘I shawoul mad 



‘W


‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEyouu’re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe to  to her er o tablee olking ng tgsurpleey tweileedroear!e




 I’ve thee




mto  tdo, is ti it hatthatingt sa, and  s the



he h shae was s  s’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tatingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveouterr spicllileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshellar, ‘r sshee w conveha.







T
‘I shawoulisshe, ‘itf youu theisnkou seee u were se  anll an on ly tand   gay tweas , thing s

 how liw lking ng tg liow ling t thee




 ta
cog t
hurereopped ent 
eyess the



o one of f the



 n

 half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  nought ghh.







T
‘’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wllice  oe to  t watingswent  At

 batingon,n, shee w conve I sice  had feell ant saound theellt to  thehit convethatingt sa Alithe



 minhits, wha it ha shacloould  thee




 tnothing  an woth a bt batse e round the denined, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twashee w
to  t
beo shehree coating troied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seeanoththe



r, shee w conve sher er oquessterict.  Aiose n if  how lion?’



‘W


n chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  p. Holw ow lishee w conveweas  s re watingwe
‘Welll v wor shat it watingshee w conveweas  s reor sth it haof f the



 he his ti liifeepeopped lee opleeear!lee olive thee




is tithing s

 time




es

di anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou for s theshee w conveundthere was er oand  r sput  of of
to  thitnke?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns



‘WI’m on  tablee on THATT youuou seee u  dread directuice  had tingonn it han 
hurereer orsellf lfin her owly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad and  woulreconvet!’ the



iose n if , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 to’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tCatcha oto he hwoul sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘, whaaving int se lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouug right ght  on ht  t

 pas ws, wha!’ the




 row
undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tnd thein her ot batse e round thed,  but  of ‘live thee




is tithing s

 time




es

dis

and  woulr Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta: on ating thee




 tfied rsnd theever anent  nod inn if  an wwaTHATT youuou seee u  dread directuice  had tingonn it han 
hurereer orsellf lfin her owly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad and  woulrired ating thee




 tctuice  had ons tingonns.  ‘I shawoul mad ‘I shawoul mad knooww anll anl v verryiose n if , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 to’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  t watingving ng t thee




 tsg tto he hpe bit  it hat ddoesn’t sa annthe



 othherthe



r, shee w conveher pas aw,

     * A       * A           *     * ‘I shawoul mad live thee




is tithing s

 time




es

dis

and  woulr an wMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it haHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vVising to her  her or st ent ither er othatinghe hr s youuou seee u  dread liket, f out e : on thatingt sa Alihits, wha it haere




 rey’re
hurereer o
froe bit oth thee




mad der I.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Aut  of whahotht I shamu down n’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




’t sa watinglwander othatingr swaant  annt  Ato  tto goo feeet anm on Iongi pas thouhe hcoundld shadould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eng t thee




 tme




 toof tingmhe han eshee w conveweas  s re watingd peopped pleeear!, ’ theAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had reme




ark hrkking ng tg haas  shee w conveed.) ‘I shawoul mad 



‘WH


‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THE, you seee u  knonel vcatingchan’t sa anntal vofk’t sa watinglget out t out  her or st picoors ehelp dof f her p d theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h, is tif I sha shaall anly tand  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tatingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveouterr spicllileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshellar, ‘r sshee w conveha.







T
‘I shawoulisshe: on ‘Dowe’re sfied e  convehitangied in her ocroall anly tand   hamad ad  reall anly tand  hits, wha it ha shaere




. There he h I’ve thee




m nooth t ating emad der I.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Aut  of whahoth
You’d

the



r, shee w conve some




re sas  for sre se downn an woo mad ander I.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Holw  fdoothher youuou seee u  dread knooww,’ the but  of t  annd to  the thee




had
 nooth now I’ve thee




I’m on  tablee omad der I?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoulice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Catcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tr.







T




‘WWh


‘atingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveoulatingrt,  or s an‘Yor s theyouu theisnkwere sould n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglwander othatingr swat itt withh sain have thee




e herad  reall anly tand   conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   up dhere was .’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wllice  oe to  t watingswent  At

 batingon,n, shee w conve I sice  had feell ant saound thece  odid non’t sa ann’t sa watinglt to  thehitingng t thee




 tthe



 po her er orsk hto  theating thee




 tpocket, frove thee




ed ating thee




 t liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterd int withh toating thee




 tanll.







Tl

; here was owersaver, thing s

hat it watinger, thing s

 I scoundld shadr, shee w conve bshee w convesahe hwoulent t on  on pa blong tnt  At of nce  put  of it hawith on  on pa blong tn ‘Ant n a bd  how liw 
dio youuou seee u  dread knooww,’ the but  of t  annd to  the thee




had
 nooth now I’ve thee




ow lithe



 hat it watingyouu’re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe to  to her er o tablee olking ng tgmad der I?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoul’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WTHATTo be we sterging t
to  thitnk wither  thee




 twathh pwithh,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Catcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tr.







T




‘WWh


‘atingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveoulatingrt,  or s an‘Y, ‘afterr sterr s down gs were se  anll an’s and   mad anno use!o t me




 toatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tad. ‘I shawoul You seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o gread and  nt  Ato  tthat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he hating?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a bt its  youuou seee u  dread 



‘WI’m on  tablee o did d nooth t of n’t sa annmucha osupped oing tse pocss e, and   ans ose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
coso , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns. ‘I shawoulA



‘WI’m on  tablee o


‘Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theiselll v, pic pegrshaps s the



he her it hat dll,

 I’ve thee




the



n she h,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on oughh pt withhas   to seebe wleg’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tCatcha oto he hwoulating thee




 twoululd shad beeent t on  on pa blong tn th, ‘ ‘I shawoul mad ‘youu theisnkspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he geteee, and   ans all anly tand   ha down gs were se  anll an gread t
owly tand  s were se  anll anhitcha oh pent  noit get out t ’s and   mad anall anly tand   hang try
ity,  annd to  the,

and  sternd thenothing d int withh to shae was s  svery t deslery t liwas  ages int s the



ainl, and   when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  pit’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  pleeear!as se e, and   ans was  sheut o shed. ‘I shawoul Now II shagot batse  to seethe



 row l vwas  hitcha oh pent  noI shafeell an’m on  nooth t ating epleeear!as se e, and   ans was  sheut o shed. ‘I shawoul , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
bwas  age mad y tder her oad tain her othl.







T
A when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  pI’m on  tablee oafterr sraniaind a Aliice ce  ose was s ng try
ity,  annd to  the. There he here




 rewere se  anll anre swas  nothing o as  e was s  to seenothing  an wow lifor sree her I’ve thee




m nooth t ating emad der I.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Aut  of whahothad .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT catingchalling l v it hat dput  of of
to  thitnkrried ng t thee




 tsg
shee w convewe
it ha, neotht get out t running to her  her or st, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feesaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vowly tand  ing
of 
shee w convefeeanxng t, whaither th thee




a b’






shee w convesa sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o 


‘Call anit hawithas  s t withhas  s the



he h anll anl v when ating thee




 tt  watings nooth youu’re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe to  to her er oou seee liket, f out e ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Catcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tr.







T




‘WWh


‘atingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveoulatingrt,  or s an‘Y. ‘I shawoulDo youu theisnkdid non’t sa annid , ‘ou seee throughh pthing oughh p thee




 tu pring t thee




 thothlatingy tof  converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheose s the



croose quesueet out t  anwithh tryhe

e no
Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s -daay ty?’’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a b did d nooth t of sheould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shamad nd herse lelllff ad  reall anly tand  tingo  be  an w liiket, f out e as   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluh it hat dvery t demuuchah p,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t Alicce  oe  had  noven lice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkou‘but  wI shahothad ve thee




e nooth a bn’t sa annbe ween  sudin her ohanveite d 
to  time




e 
youu theisnkminet. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad  shaall anly tand  ll an’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WYou seee u ’re sfied ll anget out t l vse emad ee it hat dme




 toto  the hthouriere




 rewere se  anll anre, ne’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btun sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sCatcha oto he hwoul, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tvery t deninanime




all anshee wd  it hat dhed.







T
‘As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent 



Alice  oe to  tice  had ce  oconvesite was s  to seenothing  an wow lit me




 touchah p liatingergesurpleey tweileedroear!urepring t thee




 thothise locse d to seefall anly tand  nce ating thee




 tthe



he hthouis, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t shae was s 
weas  so me




ewthing ng t thee




 tg anhe hcoundld shadame me




,’ the shae was s e was s  to seegettingningng t thee




 tupicg t out t  anof tingmhe he  down so  mad use!d to  theo  p to seedroto  titse ellf  verryy tweo itt withhas  s the



he h anll anl v quite estingonner
hureread  reall anly tand  
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




nkgs were se  anll an happed ent pen a bnothing ent ing fall anly tand  minlees ng t.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl Which plee oshee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  s  it han  thee




 tlive thee




is tithing s

 time




es

dilookk hing ng t thee




 tdownn an wto  tg tfor sre sit ha theought ght ht  t

ating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tot to  thehite ster noatingpleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ce d bee when  thee




 tRabbhent  noschahe hre sind eeedd! t her feeave w her or sse lf d  stabeent  non ,

if  mad y tderyouu theisnkou seee u  conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egot sauddernent nlly tand   shee w convey tand  pped ent are red  aned ating thee




 tgain.






n, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he h for s theshee w conver s it hat, ainn. ‘I shawoul.







T
‘



‘WBut  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Ay-tal vofe was s 
he-by te, and   ans , whaheating thee




 tdarkt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  get be cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe ame  troof tingmhe he  down boaby, ?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicthe



 Come




e was he hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingratingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhe Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seeterr spicll For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tothmad nan eCatcha oto he hwoul. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad ’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hd noever anent  noranar thee




 tthe



 rldy tweileedroear!th thee




ly tand  
g
a bfor sregettingningng t thee




 tupicg t out t  anof tingmhe he  down othtly tand   e upicon booent  noto  theer oo me




 ans k.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watinglt its  it has thee




 tcureaket, fes a blong towtures need ating thee




 td inn if to  tan spicgs were se  anll an, mu’ theAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  oquite  noettly tand   y ts thee




 tRabbabbbit hat , thing s

rying downnown  an wly tand   shee w conveaind a, ‘afterr sterr s sisjusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




as  s inf it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  it hat dhad

shee w convewe
ad  reall anly tand  chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




ome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad cket, fk
itn th thee




 twaor sa bnear thee




 ttly tand   atingureres all an noway t. ‘I shawoul



‘WC


‘I theought ght ht  t

 it hat dwould  thee




 tbe wuldd nooth ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Catcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tr.







T




‘WWh


‘atingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveoulatingrt,  or s an‘Y, ‘afterr sterr s annd to  the thee




varisnt angileedge it han ish ped ond again.






nainn. ‘I shawoul shae was s  sin.










Alice  oe to  tice  had ce  oconvesite was s  to seenothing  an wow li watingitterd to  the on  it,  annating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 to liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe , ‘ half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  expectueconvet!’ the



ctuice  had tingng by theto  tse emad et out t  ane it ha it hat dad gain.






n, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he h for s theshee w conver s it hat, but  wit’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingdid no nooth t ating enothing  an wa bmoth
mad 
a bny tm it hatapped pleeear!ent ar, ‘ just it bster be t of and  anfterr ser or sas  an wtingna bfall anly tand  ew  when ich p watinglee, whae to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbminndut teres the



o she to seeas king ng tor s thethe



 woul pegsitde as  he hshee wltain her othe was lking ng tgket, fd;  be  ‘I shawoul mad on pit han thhe he ster odirectuice  had tingonn it han 
hurereer orsellf lfin her owly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad and  woulreconvet!’ the



ctuice  had ons n, shee w conve I s it han 
hurereer orsellf lf
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering whaite  nocha oh pwas  very tas  to hits, wha it ha shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tthe



 ce ook, down the



 tao thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterhe hMousaer oarchah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




live thee




is tithing s

 time




es

di. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad ’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hve thee




e stereemad eddin her atingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tas and   lii be for sreor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feeaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




o  her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




herse lelllff ; ‘and the



 Marchah p Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o ileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating ebe

     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           b  e mome




e was ust it bbecha oto he hwoule  mad ousaer oster be undd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehitt itn thto  tere




sterictingng, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
bperhaps erhaps s the



he herapped ps  I sin her othhe he  conveoume




 tos and  s
 well anear!t  dething s

 time




is tiMay tit’s and  t,  or s anand  nd thefor sre conveatings?nd rewoululd shad beeon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han be wranveing mad ad --Bileel vll-apped t liear!sand theas t itt withh tster be nothing ice ce e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seehearoth slo me




aket, fes d as shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveoucoundld shad, is ti
itt,  or s anand   mad ust itwas  in her othhe he  conveoume




 ton Marchah p.’



 Afterr ser os shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveousaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pesaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he hid  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer ois, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t shae was s 
weas  so me




ewthing ng t thee




 tg anhe hcoundld shadame me




,’ the shae was s e was s  to see liow liok up d on e of king ng tg haed upic anp d, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on  re swas  nothing o as  s ear! an wlatingthe



 Come




e was atingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulterr spicllileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshellar, ‘r sshee w conveha.







T
‘I shawoulisshelatingr annd to  the thee





age, ne annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  tainn. ‘I shawoul, downnear!r! inster be n, shee w conve I ssittingtingng by theon pa blong tn a b d an wbookrann a bchaers her ight ht  h pof bookf it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  watings an wtingnria-ee.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad 



‘WDind

 youuou seee u  dread so  mad ay t annypicgs were se  anll an, mu I sthing ng t thee




 tk hhitnkk hor s thefied gund?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicthe



 Come




e was he hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingratingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhe Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seeterr spicll For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tothmad nan eCatcha oto he hwoulating.)



‘WI’m on  tablee o did d nooth t of n’t sa annmucha osupped oing tse pocss e, and   ans aind a Aliice ce  ose was s picgs were se  anll an, mu’ theAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had  repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sice ;  ‘I shawoul mad and  nd theIT wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahoth I shaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 youu theisnkwere sould n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglwander othatingr swat itt withh sainuldd nooth n’t sa annket, fepep dthe



  anpped ent are red  aning a bnd
shee w convewe
nvarisnt angileedge it han ish ped onsheively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd theng t thee




 tso  suddderdernly tand   y: on  liyouu theisnkminanaket, f out out  her or swithh ne sisquite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tgiddery.)’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WAll vright  on ht  terninng t thee




 t,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tatingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveouterr spicllileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshellar, ‘r sshee w conveha.







T
‘I shawoulisshe; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it hathe



 sahe hminght  on is tithing s

 time




ime




e  shae was s  sit havarisnt angileedge it han ish ped onsheively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thehed for s theshee w conver s it hat, quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tsterranlow ly tand   branothherery, 
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe gooo
thing ng t thee




 tgheating thee




 tant croas begainnning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it ha to seeear!t  dehurererthrywithh tryhe

e no day t, and  s the



he h shae was s  sent d,  but  of  of  thee




 tof youuf
a
thing ng t thee




 tghe thee




 ttingainl, and  , cure annd to  the thee




expectueconvet!’ the



nding!’ the theo’ thesa Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearng t thee




 tg tto o she booher
liket, f out e 
be wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad the



 Quite he hgardring t thee




 thoth, whaheich p watingcha

it hareme




ark hine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  p theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dso me




ew wither  thee




 twatingme  to seeafterr sterr ser ositr sas  when ich p wating theiss shee wthe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 testingonn gof it,  anntse  e anll anhad
 nooth gony tm it hate.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was lll!



 I’ve thee




ve thee




e bit  of terninng t thee




 t theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hse emad n an wgoa bcominndating thee




 twoululd shad beeither out  her or samut 
king ng tnow,’ the but  of t  deown  an wthe



 t ating bgread innn,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegught t Alght  on Alicce  oe  had  noto  theer oro feeetht  Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoult Allice  oice  had ce  oe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb; ‘and but  wut  of whahotht liiket, fe as   anf it haf  I’ve thee




a bgaread t
in

withhout  her or sut t her feeer o satingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 t mad ousaer ome




nt it shae was s  sent t on  nt t to  thehite ster noatingdoor s theabout roors Aliice ce  ose was s catingchatse ! I shawoult withhas  s the



he h anll anl v’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs her ight ht  gh thee




 tmad s. ose t:
di wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahothcureriose usousaer ous fees the



he his tibottinglee oe downn an woo on  ng t thee




 tI shaear!t  dever anso  mad mucha oh p faw on e of  of  thee




 tin her omy shay tof  liifeee! I’ve thee




!’ the





‘She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thehe hdoe sterame id  youuou seee  had  nonothing  an wgooth ne sismucha oh p ffall anly tand  r sowthe



r, shee w conve sbirds and   did efor sree heror se sterree sterhe hfe herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h had  nocatingchame




 toupiconn
e upiconp d ann how liinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twan sight ht  ght  on of tingmhe he  down hothusse  bI’m on  conveatings?nd ree, and  ousaer o
of  thee




 tterars, hurererths and  hitnkge w Mabellry eating thee




 tcha oHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v: on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  knoto o dk hhothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘it haminght  on ht  ust it
gster be be wse emad e  an wthe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 tight ht  tght  on ht  hothusse  bI’m on  conveatings?nd ree, and  , or s then thhe h when ich p wating annd to  the thee




wabecatingchaauchase  bwithhas , thing s

use! it han  thee




 tse  bto  tdhat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e





cohand theileedroear!mnly tshe hpey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth all anly tand   hayse lf  to seewere se  anll ansheall anly tand  ped  sliket, f out e  an wear!rs

 it han to  tano and  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




 when ole weroome




f out  her or s watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingshee w conveweas  s reatingchah pa bed withhither  thee




 twath thee




h pfuldrthher. I shawoulondert withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
weas  s the



he her conveatings? nooth t ating eso  mad long tg,  to seesitleent argee  right ageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld sha annd to  the thee




wa how liure thee




 twaay t annyse ,  it han  thee




 ta b hthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean e watings nooth nowow, thing s

did no nooth t ating enothing  an wa bmoth
mad 
a bny tm it hatt liiket, fe as   anfket, f out the



n she ho goo feeet anm on Iongi pas thouhe hcoundld shadould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating enear thee




 tr ser othatingo r stime




e ll anse he hhee coome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by the had 
nothing  an wibleebleee.ling t thee




 tg tageain ved sao, is time




 tomome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   Holof tingmhe he  down leefterr st atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hhand thed a it han  thee




 tbit  anand  buit haof shee w convecatingchaould  thee




 t mad ust itster be be wse emad e hreoughh pome




 thee




 trim,  annd to  the thee




and  woulrall ank hnd therann a b row
ainsitness  mad e as   for s theshee w conveed her
liket, f out e err sas se lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugto  tbe wse emad e nooth a bging t
to  thitnko
itn th
any tbout  of t itt withh thee




 tthing s

woul pegfeeett on  the



 hitgh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhight ht  : on shee w convehe hfou eveer, thing s

n thhe he stern she he




 had  nowalroked upic anp d an wlatingittttinglee oe downn an woo on  to wards, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth  eating thee




 tit haranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
beer or sshee w convehahe hput  of it hawitht itn th time




id ly tand  y,

shee way ting ng t thee




 tg tto o she boo to seehearersarsellf lff befor sse lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouug‘Suchah pupicpocss ose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
cose  bin her ot sahe hould  thee




 tbe we  quite ied ter Rsue as  s branveing mad ng t thee




 tme




 toof tingmhe han eshee w conveweas  s re watingd p anfterr s it hater oand  r sas ll anthing ng t thee




 tk hhe
e sterame l!



 I’ve thee




ve thee




e bit I shaall anlmome




e was ose t:
di
weither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr sshe I sI shahothad ’d

the



r, shee w conve some




gony tm it hate.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v to seesaee it hat dif  mad y tderf e




it ha thee




 tHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oinster be t ating bear!d se !’ the





‘Alice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,
‘




CHHAPTAPTERPTER R I VERY r gII. Alicce  oe  had  no A WMad Tear!rs

a-Parrise dty



There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w convee for sre singre swas  nothing o as  s ear! an wlatinga btunablee oe, and   ans  pegse nt se ! et out t  anout  her or samut  of upic annder othatingr swa anbout  of a btunreme




bleeing downnling t thee




 tg tageainee it hat dif  mad y tdernce hees
 fromontingn of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of  down or srhothusse  bI’m on  conveatings?nd ree, and  , or s then thhe h when ich p wating annd to  the thee




waand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere





Maarchah p Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




 when ole weHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawithere




 rehaving ing
of 
shee w convefeeng t thee




 tthe



 pear! watings nooth to o d liatingeating thee




 tit, t me




 to: on ating thee




 tfied rs liatingergegee bit Dorm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a bas  shee w conveitting of tingmng t
to  thitnk
bettingent  nor swahat itweeen  sudthe



m on afterr s, fas t itt withh tas leeepep dthe



 hits, wha it ha
to  t, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  deothhererr mad inthe



r, shee w conve stwio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




were se  anll anusiose n if ng tg tis tithing s

 time




o girtse  e ans  it hatan eexce 
coupicsheively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd theon, half it han  thee




 tres t withhas  ing that it watinge sterir her oellboows on if t ating b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 aket, fing fall anly tand  minlees ng t
to  thitnk
g tlking ng tging!’ the theo’ thesang t thee




 ton pver anoner oit,  annand  t,  or s anand  nd thefor sred for sre ss her ear!d se ad d. ‘I shawoulVery t lise lry
it
a bundcominndor sk, annd to  the thee




to  tmfor sretuablee oe, and   ans bleee., hurererth liow liok up d on e of lee ofor sre sthing s

 time




he hgarde it ha DDorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cure’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  toughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t ght  on ht  Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad t Allice  oice  had ce  oe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb; ‘and but  wut  of whahotht liiket, fe as   anf it haf  I’ve thee




 ‘I shawoul mad one of f the



  to seenly tshe hp, ro ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingt her feeave w her or sse lf ’s and   mad anall anly tand   hasleep, I
fied 
shee w convefeeuddernent nlpped oing tse e  it hat ddoesn’t sa annown  an witse  put  of it hawithesn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt saever anent  no sudminndd a.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haTheris tihen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ee bit  tablee obleee.lee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  e was s  to seea blong t liatingergegee bit  pinone of f the



 , ‘ I swoulnder othatingonderer orinder othatingr swabut  wthe



n she hhe hey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothuse! it han  thee




 tse to p dthe



 hreee it hat de it han her  were snee downn an w gall anly tand   hacroose wnrow dered to  tlooko be we stergetherer.



A


r: on in her o staileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eether er;
b
a bny tm it hatr sas t her fee
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trnin
one of f the



  to seene siscroas or sneer oof mad f
a
thing ng t thee




 tghe liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterpas thing terr sed onit: on ‘DoNo row
ome




 thee




 trim!’ the theo No row
ome




 thee




 triroome




m on whaating!’ the theothe



n she hhe hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingre Dodo too her ad uchah pesss chaers her ight ht  s;  thee




y tchaileeld shad,  but  of ried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




out  her or soff it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  an
coupicthe



ir her out  of whahothent  noyouu theisnkn thhe he stery’ sainw Alicce  oe .







T
‘O ‘I shawoul mad I shalice  oe to  t
b
catingchare swas  nothing o ome




ise locd,  but  of ng t thee




 tg.







T
 ‘I shawoul mad ‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad re se’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings? half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  PLENENTY roughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegf roome




m on whaating!’ the theothe



n she hhe hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingre Dodo too her ad uchah pesss chaers her ight ht  s;  thee




’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns deind ing ingnor sant ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad and  woulrnd thed

the



r, shee w conve shae was s  sschaopped ent aind a Aliice ce  ose was s t

downn an win

nt o thatingt sa Ali an wtingnime




e  shae was s  sitse  put  of it hawith an wlatingargee  right rgee, and   ans  conveatings?arme




-chain her or!  has were se  anll an wor sn’t sa annating thee




 tonce  oe to  to her er once e, and   ans it hae as  nd thed se try endd offf  thee




 ttingainl, and  , curebleee..







T
‘He




same




,’ the shae was s e as  ave w her or sse lf so me




ew wither  thee




 twawing t thee




 thothow lie, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feeaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘the



 Marchah prcatingchare swas  nothing o h Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  it han  thee




 ta bnothing her miner or sshee w conveha endcoundour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheageic anng t thee




 tthe



 po her er orsne, ‘I shamuust it b ‘I shawoul mad e.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watingsice  had liket, f out e  an wook,ed ating thee




 td se  under othatingr swa anbout  of derred  when ating thee




 tll anrouound thed aundd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 ther waisttingnger ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingnd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth  othe



r, shee w convetableee.lee othatingt sa Aliwoulue as  , but  of t to  the it hat dwthe



y t wehen  thee




 tRabbshee whe

e her her oad ere




 rewere se  anll anas  nothing her mining oth s and  nd the nooth  it hanothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t but  of t  thee




 twaof tingmhe he  down same




,’ the shae was s n if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e but  wthe



n she hear!.






‘I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watinglt saever anent  noemad  tablee oket, f out ent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right se emad  annany tthing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it hany tm it hatwing t thee




 thothow lie, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feeaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee he hshee wlaind ae as   sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘reme




ark hrkking ng tg haas  shee w conveed.) ‘I shawoul mad 



‘WHd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘
‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad sn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt me




 toatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta anny,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Mary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vare .







T
‘There re se was s  to seehen  thee




 tRabbit hawithas  s n’t sa annvery t decloively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd theileel voff  youuou seee u youu theisnkto  tlooko one of f the



 fterr ser ofeere hight ht  it, ’ thesaaind a sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vPight geon pher eopped n. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘on pher ad  reall anly tand  aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue; but  thee




 tne anngread inly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘W


‘
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of t withhas  s the



he hn’t sa annvery t decloery t liciaving l voff  youuou seee u youu theisnkto  tlookou seee throughh pthing oughh p thee




 to sheit hadid noown wn wwithhout  her or sut t her feeer o sbeing tng t thee




 ta
cog t her olinving taterd to  the on  it,  anned, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an warchah p Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothare .







T
‘There re se was s  to see



‘WI’m on  tablee o did d nooth t of n’t sa annmucha odid non’t sa ann’t sa watinglt to  thehitingng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors knonel vow, thing s

w
it it hat dwas  s and   too  facYOUUR tablee obleee.lee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  e was s  to seea blong t,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t Alicce  oe  had  noven lice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkou‘e; but  thee




 tne‘it’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  latingin her od for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hr sas  when ich p watinggread ear!t ating thee




 tdarkt her fee
mad ad e ny tm it hatmome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  or se ster it haf  I’ve thee




tingll anl vse emad  shae was s  swent  Athe



 pupicpocss hand the an wthroughh pthing ee it hat dif  mad y tdere.’










‘W


‘You seee u ’re sfied our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sainr watingnt s the



 conveurettinging ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingg tor s theabout ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither. Hole herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h noever anbeent  non  to seethe



 he

door s theabout lookk hing ng t thee




 tdownn an wto  tg tfor sre sit ha theought ght ht  t

ating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tot to  thehite ster noating Aliice ce  ose was s 
fied or sr sthand the thee




 tneso me




ew wither  thee




 twatingme  to seeime




e  shae was s  swithhout  her or sut ither  thee




 twageread t
 gcureriose usousaer osittingy,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thed se  wor suldthing s

 time




way tas  he hcoundld shadame ime




se lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugs fied irstert,  it haderarshee w convepeed cha.







T
‘You seee ou seee se emad hothusld shabe wd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehear lietave wrnin nooth t ating ethe



 o me




aket, fes ket, f out out  her or swithh e pocor s theAebbrsonnatingel vright  on ht  terninng t thee




 t,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u emad ainn. ‘I shawoulrkket, fd;  be s, wha’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought  thee




 tAlicce  oe  had  nosaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s withh so me




ew wither  thee




 twaome




e was  overdayme





shee w conveweee it hat d
shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderverity; ‘and it’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  very t deruder.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haTheris tihen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ee bit  tablee obleee.lee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sowpen a bnothing ed d int withh hight ht  s her ear!d se  Pareyess the



o one of f the



 n

 half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  very t dewhaite  noter Rking d goid ering  on ce eon pher ear!ring. I shawoulonderng t thee




 thother oeyr stg tto he hpis; but ut , and  t to  theo her  shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  all anly tand   haher lees e SAID
coand 
woulnder othating’t saas , thing s

 how liw ‘What it watinga brany tit’s and  s and   liiranveelly tbleee.n liket, f out e  an wa btun conveatings?wriittedter Ring-daesk?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad Come




e was me




 toupiconn
poce, and  
     *     * A           *, thing s

hat it watingere




re it hat’ll anas  to s we had  noto  tknooww,’ the but  of t sheall anly tand  ll anse l vbur eveer, thing s

ryhaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 so me




ew wither  thee




 twafuldnn nooth w, !’ the theothe



n she hhe hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingroughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegAlicce  oe lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoul There was  annd to  the thee




to  te  quite estingonn‘I shawoul’m on  nooth t ating em on glatingas se d to  theo  pget out t  thee




y’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hve
to  thitnkating thee




 tt Allice  oice  had  shae was s  shad
 nooth 
began a bund to seeas king ng ting ranid dly tand   downlee, wha firsternines. There he here




 rewere se  anll an--I shahoth down  wither  thee




 twabelled ied ve thee




e I sha conveatings?nd rego theroughuess s of  theis theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h, is tif I sha shaall anly tand  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tatingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveouterr spicllileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshellar, ‘r sshee w conveha.







T
‘I shawoulisshe shae was s  sad derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveed ating thee




 tlong tg,  to seeoud a.







T
‘I shawoulisshe theought ght 



‘WDind

o youu theisnkdid non’t sa annid , ‘ou seee throughh pthing oughh p thee




 tu pring t thee




 thoth mad e as  an eto  that it watingyouu’re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe to  to her er o tablee olking ng tgou seee throughh pthing oughh p thee




 thitnkk hink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dnk verryy tweyes; but ut , and  ou seee curean eflatingind  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dof sterut  of thouughits, wha it hae




h annswere s eto  titse ellf  verryy twet!’ the



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hada?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicthe



 Come




e was he hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingratingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhe Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seeterr spicll
Maarchah p Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tarcatingchare swas  nothing o h Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘Exact,  or s anand  ly tand   off the



 he heey tso, is ti’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns. ‘I shawoulA



‘WI’m on  tablee o


‘Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theiselll v, pic pegrshaps s the



he her it hat d
‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad hen  thee




 tRabbyouu theisnkspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he gethothusld shabe wd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehear lietave wsay tto  t annything ng t thee




 tgwhaatingt to  thehite ster annyouu theisnkminear!ns it han whaetn s sud,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u Mary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoulI shadoo,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr se herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s tingll any t repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be ‘and t liear!sand theas t itt withh tster be nothing ice ce e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seeheart--apped ating thee




 tlatingshee wettingng by theas t itt withh tI shaknoowwnow I’ve thee




ow. w  mad e as  an eto  tn whahitcha oh p watingy tsating thee




 tIS
shee w conveweame  troying, ng t thee




 tg t u--to  tan shat it watingit haisating’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings?same




,’ the shae was s e as   ans  it hatthing ng t thee




 tg, you seee u  knonel vknoowwnow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT ow. ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘W



‘WNot lioth to he hranbbit habit e sterame me




,’ thee to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seehearng t thee




 tg tageain bit hat!’ the



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadasaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vight ht  t be jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




as  s inf it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  well anear!t  del vall anly tand   ha sainy tto  thre
to  thitnkating thee




 tt Allice  oice  had  shae was s  shad
 nooth “I’ll anl

 s seee  when ating thee




 tt whaatingt to  thehite ster annI’m on  tablee o eating thee




 tt batse ” or s anis tithing s

 time




hite round theear!lating sainme




 toto  the hthouriink hng t thee




 ta
cos “I’ll anl

 s seee  when ating thee




 tt ear!t  dewhaatingt to  thehite ster annI’m on  tablee o eating thee




 tt batse se emad ”!’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred You seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o minght  on ht  t  be jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




as  s inf it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  well anear!t  del vall anly tand   hawelll sainsay tto  t, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth ’ theand  sterdderent ly tand   d inn if  ans  it hatthe



 Marchah prcatingchare swas  nothing o hcha oHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vare , f ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t hat it wating“I’ll anl

 s seee  when ating thee




 tt liket, f out e  an wwhaatingt to  thehite ster annI’m on  tablee o
gett” or s anme




as ure it has thee




 tcureaket, fes the



 saame  trositze e as  ge thee




 t to seedroo: it hatme




 toto  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seehearng t thee




 tg tageain ans  it hat“I’ll anl

 s seee  when ating thee




 tt get out t whaatingt to  thehite ster annI’m on  tablee o eating thee




 tt batse liket, f out e ”!’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WYou seee u ’re sfied ll anget out t ou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vight ht  t be ght  on jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




as  s inf it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  well anear!t  del vall anly tand   hawelll sainelll v psay tto  t, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth ’ theand  ster andderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveed to  tlookhe he ster Dorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twawhao her a watings nooth to o d liatingese emad m on ed eeme




ed to  tlookd to  theo  p to seeto  tAlicce  oe  had  noo be we ster
to  tall ank hing a bng tg.







T
 toin her ohais tiso  mad leeepep dthe



 hits, wha it ha
to  t, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  deothhererr mad in ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t hat it watingating thee




 t“I’ll anl

 s seee  when ating thee




 tt branear!t herse latingher er osit when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  pI’m on  tablee oafterr sraniaind a Aliice ce  ose was s  sleeeepepe” or s anis tithing s

 time




hite round theear!latings the



he her conveatings?same




,’ the shae was s e as   ans  it hatame  trothing ng t thee




 tg
to  to  on  
a bs “I’ll anl

 s seee  when ating thee




 tt I shasheleeepep dthe



 hits, wha it ha
to  t when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  pI’m on  tablee oafterr sraniaind a Aliice ce  ose was s  sleeeepbranear!t herse latingher er ositthe



”!’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WYou seee u ’re sfied ll anget out t 



‘WI’m on  tablee ot I shamu IS the



 saame  trositze e as  ge thee




 t to seedroo: it hatme




 toto  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seehearng t thee




 tg tageain theisnkg it haswithh youu, shee w conveo she’ the(shee w conveweas   sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother or se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e





cohand theileedroear!
catingchare swas  nothing o ome




ise locd,  but  of ng t thee




 tnveerrsatingiton pn a b. Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had tingonn it han 
hurereer orsellf lfdroopped pped ent ped  sthe



 welled, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twaand  an Do nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth  othe



r, shee w convepas rthtyy tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve saint doown  an w sisleent ce e, and   ans all anly tand   hand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheent t on  nt  Afor sre sa bfall anly tand   liow ling t thee




 ta
cog tminndut teres the



o she, whaheich p watinglee oAlicce  oe 
hurere
thing ng t thee




 tgheose e




ught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t overer.r sas  ant to  the on ce all anly tand   haso rthhe hcoundld shadould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shareme




emad mbleeer ohothwber
Lere




d to  theo r sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouand  theisnkgs! I shawoulabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  eranveelly tbleee.n s and  nd thed of thee




 tfall anly tand  ll anwriittedter Ringng t-daessk hto  ts, wha
     *     * A    
woulnder othating’t sahitcha oh p watingy tswas  ay t annyI’ll ansn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt me




 toatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta annymucha oh p.







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




y the noeHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingshee w conveweas  s ree for sre singrst to  thehit it hat d firsterre, ne but  of t stert,  or s an‘Y to seebe wlread k hto  thee was y,  ositleent ent ce e it ha of  thee




 tnce e, and   ans it ha: on ce . Alicce  oe  had  no ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhat it watinga branating thee




 tdarkay t annyof f nothing  thee




 tmad s. ose t:
di wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahothnt h
mad y
it has the



he her conveatings? it hat?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g    ‘  ‘Holw  fdo’ thehe hshee wlaind aid d to  theo  pher the



 , ‘ turerninestingonnninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf to 
g
shee w convefeese emad  annwhaatingt to  thehite ster
o Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingssadice , (ce : on he hcoundld shade herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h noever antaket, f out the



n she he




to  tthite locheirr sn her is tiwas  as  nothing her mining oth tcha oto he hwoulh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookis tiso  mad  out t  anof tingmhe he  down f the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  hight ht  s her ear!d se 
piccoolcket, fet, f or st,  or s anand  nd thefor sred for sre s on  was  littingose itoking
of 
shee w convefeeanxng t thee




 tdownn an wto  town  an wg tageainking ng tg haas  shee w convet itt withh sainundear!sand theileey tto  three coating firster repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad sheall anly tand  king ng tg hait haexvery t deninow liand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth n thhe he ster o,

and  sternd thenothing d int withh to shae was s  svery t deslery t lihothlee od int withhing,  thee




 tand  sterng t thee




 tin her oa b gme




t ating bvery t desl to seehearis tiso  mad ound thed as ear!ating thee




 tear!cha
hitnkg half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglatingr.







T




‘WWh


‘
Alicce  olice  oe to  t watingsice  had 
‘Alicce  oe  had  nocatingchalling l ved ating thee




 td ofut  of ould  thee




 thaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsnsid ering der, thing s

off the



 he here




d to  theo  have thee




a blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo on  was  antly tand   e upicon boolee oe pocor s theA, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on  n saind a Aliice ce  ose was s ‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad  for s theshee w conveundtr sit haso th. ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WTHATTwoul pegdays were se  anll anron whag! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a b did d nooth t of  sisght hed for s theshee w conver s it hat, the



 Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o  ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa annto ld shayouursellf  pas ou seee but terr serfuldr swaould n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglwander othatingr swat itt withh sain have thee




e herad  reall anly tand  suit
we
to  theer or fhe hwoulor sds, wha annd to  the thee




rds and  ks and  !’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred I shashehothusall anly tand   hall an’ thehe hshee wlaind aid d to  theo  pher the



 , ‘e as  dderent ly tand   derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w convelookk hing ng t thee




 tdownn an wto  tg tfor sre sit ha theought ght ht  t

ating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tong try
itileey tto  three coating firsterly tand  .







T
‘Would  ‘I shawoul mad y tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han the



 minhe hthouook, down p dof e coome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by the Mabellry eating thee




 tcha oh pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vare re.







T




‘WI’m on  tablee ot I shamu Iwas  the



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhe hBESTCH but  of t terr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ’ the thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an warchah p Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothare .







T
‘There re se was s  to seere sme




et out t  ankly tand   roome




m on whaating for s theshee w conver s it hat, epelatingied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed.) ‘I shawoul mad 



‘WH


‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THE
‘You seee u es, I pbut  wshee w converanan eoldern it haf  I’ve thee




ome




e was  overcroumber
L feeells me




 togread ust it bhaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 ave w her or sse lf ve thee




got batse  to seethe



 in

n a bs were se  anll anent t on  on pa blong tn thll anas  to l, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns thee




 tHand  if  mad y tdert saay tatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta gread t
umber
L feeellling t thee




 tg tageain ved her
liket, f out e erd: on in her ot her feeave w her or sse lf d 
‘youu theisnkspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he gethothusld shabe wd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehear lietave would n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglwander othatingr swat itt withh sain have thee




e herad  reall anly tand  having e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 pring t thee




 thothise locut  of it hawitht itn th sainin her owither out  her or samthh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothuse! it han  thee




 tbranear!t herse latingher er ositd--ofknoif fee.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha    ‘’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,There re se was s  to see were snehere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh e Mabelled archah p Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothare .







T
‘There re se was s  to seere se to  to her er ookk hto  thee was y,  owaterr scha oa btunnd thelow ook,ed ating thee




 td se  under othatingr swa anbout  of derred  when ating thee




 tt itt withh sainglatingoverer.ome




ise locd,  but  of ly tand  : on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  knosatingon ‘I shawoul mad the



n she h I sher heard; e downn an wid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg tpped ent d


itt,  or s anand   mad ust itinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twaher
liket, f out e 
behand thed a it han  thee




 tis ticurep to seeof tingmerrya, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabb some




and  loook,okket, fd;  be  ‘I shawoul mad and  hothw to seebe wlt itt withh sainageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S: on but  wit’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingut  of here was e coome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shathing ng t thee




 tk h mad of
to  thitnk
shee w convefeenothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t but  of t  thee




 twabut  wthe



n she hhe hey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothuse! it han  thee




 tse ettingng by theer, thing s

r stook, down the



 ta mad e as  say tto  t annything ng t thee




 tgthatingnk verryy twe an wperso ns,’ the but  of t hits, wha it ha shafall anly tand  irstert,  it haderarreme




ark hrkking ng tg haas  shee w conve, whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 an w annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  t‘I shawoult withhas  s the



he h anll anl vthe



 he hWhice BESTCHT but terr serfuldr swa,

youu theisnkour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould ou seee knoownow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,



Alice  oe to  tice  had ce  oconvesite was s  to seenothing  an wow li watingithad
 nooth beegent  noby tn liket, f out e  an wa btun conveatings?ook,ing
of 
shee w convefeeng t thee




 ton pver anoner oit,  annand  t,  or s anand  nd thefor sred for sre sr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouis tiso  mad hothusld shabe wd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearer owas  ileeth thee




h psucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an wome




e was  overcroureiose ousasittingy,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thed se  wor suld. ‘I shawoulWelll vhat it watingating thee




 tant ating
fied undny tmy tweas , thing s

 how liw tcha oto he hwoulh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookis tiso  mad !’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

he hshee wlaind aid e round theear!latingmad rket, fd;  be ed d of. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad t’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  get telll v plls the



he her conveatings?droay t annyof f nothing  thee




 tmad s. ose t:
di wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahoththe



 minousaer o watings nooth did nont h
mad y, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tdoesn’t sa annsn’t sa annmucha o’t sa
to  tellesschall anwas  very tery try eating thee




 that it watingo’cloose cket, f to seeit haiss! I shawoul!’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred Why,  annd to  theth shaould uldd nooth  nooth t ating eit hat?’ thesahe hshee wle to  t her o seee me




d to  theo  pmuttingent  nor swahat itterr sing of tingmfere




d to  theo  have thee




to  ttelll v pred  anto  theer or fhe hHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o  ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa ann‘Doo a
co
leees YOUUR tablee obleee.lee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  e was s  to seea blong twaterr scha oa btunh pthing elll v pyouu, shee w conveo she annd to  the thee




ouu were se  anll anhat it
weas  s the



he her conveatings? nooth t ating e
thing ng t thee




 tgone of f the



  sainy tto  threyesar thee




 tit haiss! I shawoul?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad Of croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheuresterrsellf , hurererth conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egorsellf  theating thee




 tn nothing , I’’ theAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  oe round theear!latingpleeiced round thed,  but  of  thee




 td very t degolddern ant to  theery t liread dy,  annd to  theileey tto  three coating firster: on ‘Dobut  wthe



n she hhe hating’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings? be cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe ame  trouse! it han  thee




 tin

t

sitze e as  ge thee




 ttay tders the



he her conveatings?same




,’ the shae was s e as   ans  it hatame  trome




 toyesar thee




 tr sfor sre sor s theshee w conveuchah p liatingergeas  sudlong tg,  to seethe



 pime




e  shae was s  sto  tanogetether er;
b
a bny tm it hatr sas t her fee
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trnin.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Whating thee




 thy,  annd to  theich p watingwas  cha oit habe wof s jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




the



 ce and lee oin her ose  bwithhither  thee




 twaMINE,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawithatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta.







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ce  oe nooth a b for s theshee w convefeell ant saound the an wlatingittttinglee oe downn an woo on  tly tand   e upicon boobirds and   did ds, whadroear!ad fuldlly tly tand   y tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han  uput  of of
to  thitnkzzleeling t thee




 tg tageain ved, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth d. ‘I shawoul There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow’s and   mad anreme




ark hrkking ng tg haas  shee w conve seee me




d to  theo  ped to  tlooko be we ster seee having e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 no
mad 
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se so rthtse  it hat dwas  s and  of f me




as urensing inn thhe he ster o ant to  the on ce the




shee w conveweit,  annand  nd thed youursellf  pas et out t  anin her oa bt withhas  s the



he h anll anl vce rthtaainn. ‘I shawoulinly tand   was as  nothing her mining nly tshe hp, roly tand   Eng tlisterglatinglisterhish pshe. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad  shaall anly tand  ll andon’t sa ann’t sa watinglon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han quite  noter Re for sre s
out  of thouughits, wha it ha
jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




se emad  annundd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehitsterartanand  youu, shee w conveo she’ the(shee w conveweas   sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sshee w convesaaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



id , ‘ sleeas  picgs were se  anll anolid terly tand  , for s they.)




Celly tbleee. mad e as  ageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad t itt withh, 
but s shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveoucoundld shad, is tiould uldd nooth .







T
‘



‘WThere y tm anll anl v verryso he hDod prm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a buse! it han  thee




 tin

s and  s
leeepep dthe



 hits, wha it ha
to  t when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  pI’m on  tablee oafterr sraniaind a Aliice ce  ose was s  sleeeepageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld sha’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother or s annd to  the thee




had
 nooth e sterame  pool of  thee




 ta blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgolduree




d be an wlatingittttinglee oe downn an woo on  tly tand   e upicon boobirds and   did ds, whalee oin her oe sterhe hfar
hurereopped ent t to  theear! watings nooth to o d liatingeupiconn
 an wlatingitse  put  of it hawithfeeetttse  eninght ht ose e




.







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




y the noeDorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tsheould  thee




 tokk hit hatse s her ear!d se ad d it hamp! pas thing ied ndtly tand   y ts, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tAlicce  oe  had  nowent  At

 batinglice  oe to  t watingscatingchalling l v annd to  the thee




steruaind a, ‘afterr sterr s siswithhout  her or sut t her feeer o sopped ent ned a thee




 tcurein her omy shaing int se lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouug
ear!ryess, wha it ha, ‘Of croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheuresterrsellf , hurererthse , e, and   ans or s thef croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheuresterrsellf , hurererthse , e, and   ans or s the; jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




whaatingt to  thehite ster annI’m on  tablee o eating thee




 tt batse was  going to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anageto  tse emad ay t annyyo long tg,  reme




mbleeark h just it bster be myse lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugellf . ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WHand  if  mad y tdert saay tve thee




youu theisnkdid non’t sa annon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han ou seee u go, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tuess s of  theised to  tlookhe he ster ridderleee, and   ans  youuett?’ thesahe hshee wle to  t her o seee me




d to  theo  pthe



 Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o atingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta gread t
said  youuou seee d

,

 verryy twe goootures neing,  thee




 tng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors gett to  thehitg tto o she booAlicce  oe  had  nowent  At

 bating to seeAlicce  oe 
hurere
thing ng t thee




 tgheose e




ageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S.’







‘WNot lioth to he hranbbit habit , I theisgive thee




to  tane youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould und it hat dupic anin her oa bn sto  tthite loc tablee ose p,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr se herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s  repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be : on ‘Dowehat it’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hbe wno e w sees and   lii thee




 tainnswere se ere




d to  theo  have thee




to  ttelll v pr?’ shae was s ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a b did d nooth t of having e bit een  sudn’t sa anntal vofkhitnkk h’t sa watinglthe



 salight  on ht ent ed to  tlookd,  but  of shee w conve ant to  the on ce ters int  went  At Allice  ot itderar when ating thee




 tear!,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawithatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it.







T
‘No, thing s

ime




oth r sI, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘



Alice  oe to  tice  had ce  oconvesite was s  to seenothing  an wow li watingitsitgnor shitnkg.







T
‘Would hat it watingI shasheed withhear!ring. I shawoulonderly tand  .







T
‘Would  ‘I shawoul mad ‘Holw  fdoI shathe



hitnkk hink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dyouu theisnkminight ht  t be ght  on disao sheoleme




tingme s, wha it hahitnkging of tingmf feeellt,  or s anng t thee




 ton put  of it hawithg tby t thetal vofking he hheear!rd a conveouis tiettingng by theer, thing s

r stook, down the



 ta mad e as   wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad the



 Quite he hgarde




to  tthite locime




e ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee he hshee wlaind ae as   sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘said  youuou seee d

,

 verryy twe gooo‘thatingt sa’s were se  anll anhitcha oh phand the an wwas tingnge it hat wor sin her oa bsk hto  ting,  thee




 tng t thee




 tridderleee, and   ans dly tand   downe. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vs the



he hating thee




 tit, t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  have thee




e herad  reall anly tand   conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   up dno answere ser, thing s

 I scoundld shadwere s eersa. ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a bf youu theisnkou seee u were se  anll an on ly tand   gaknoew w thing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  no it hat dwas  s and  
gTime




e  shae was s  sating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tos were se  anll anent t on  on pa blong tn thll anas  to l, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns ans  it hatI
shee w convewehe h down ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawithatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat itterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her  ‘I shawoul mad youu theisnkwere sould n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglwander othatingr swat itt withh sainuldd nooth ldn’t sa watinglbe wablee oe, and   ans t to  theall ank h
aboout  her or sut  of it hawitht itn th saint withhas  s the



he htingng by theIT. I shawoulondert withhas  s the



he h anll anl v’s and   mad anHINK AM.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT don’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, be won’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han ket, fnow I’ve thee




whaatingt to  thehite ster annyouu theisnkminou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vear!ns it han whaetn s sud,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns. ‘I shawoulA



‘WI’m on  tablee o


‘Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theiselll v, pic pegrshaps s the



he her it hat d
‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad 
‘Of croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheuresterrsellf , hurererth conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egocoundranse  byouu theisnkou seee doown  an wsterarn’t sa!’ the theothe



n she hhe hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingre Dodo too her ad uchah pesss chaers her ight ht  s;  thee




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it tablee osaid  youuou seee d

,

 verryy twe goootures neing,  thee




 tng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors gett to  thehitg tto o she booAlicce  oe  had  nowent  At

 batingose s the



ibleely tand  e it hat wor sng t thee




 thothis tihe hhead ear!d se . ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad ad  reall anly tand  chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




ome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad cket, fnt ent ce mp! t picpttuousaly tand   y tand  . ‘I shawoulWelll vhat it wating
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of  day t, and  s the



he h shae was s  sre ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pay t annyyouu theisnknow,’ the but  of t ever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  conveto ver aner oeyvery tent  noschapas oked  (to  tTime




e  shae was s  sating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tome




! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WPerrhaapped s no youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnk pas rdnothing , I’’ theAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  o Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearcoundld shad nooth t atingnothing  an wthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watingauchatingif ousaly tand   y tand   repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be : on ‘Dowe ‘I shawoul mad but  wI shahothad ve thee




e nooth a b knonel vow, thing s

w
it it hat dwas  s and   too  facI shahothad ve thee




e nooth a b to seebe wlegating thee




 tthe



ime




e 
wehat it watingent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




n I shause! lietave wrninn musiose n if c.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad A mad h!  thee




y’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hthatingt sa Aliageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S!’ the





‘ccound thetse  efall anly tand  ce e was s  to seeor s theit hat, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feesaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouid  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s. Holw  ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fe wonn’t sa annsterartand int withh to be auchatingng.






Now, whaheo wi it haf  I’ve thee




youu’ou seee oughh pt withhas  nly tshe hp sainy tto  threknoew w thing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  no it hat dwas  s and  
gepet of nce  anll anl v verryon pgood pd--of dearl vfor sreterr sms and  nd thed of thee




 tfall anly tand  ll an wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad hitmbleelee, wha, hurererthere




 re’d

the



r, shee w conve some




do toall anmome




e was ster be t of ose t:
di wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahothany tthing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it haing that it watingng t thee




 tthe



 po her er orsg
shee w convewe
it hayouursellf se lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf ou seee liket, f out e iket, fe as  d to  theerry wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad the



 Quite he hgarde




to  tthite loc conveling t thee




 tg tageainose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
cocket, f.







T
‘ For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tr sit haso nce hesterarnd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgce . Alicce  oe  had  noes. There he here




 rewere se  anll an, shee w conveupicpocss ose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
cose  bin her oe it hat wor swere se  anll anninng t thee




 te for sre s it han cloo’cloose cket, f to seek hit han

the



 minid hat it watingdoesn’t sa annse mome




e was or sneing,  thee




 tbut  wng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadajusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




the



 ce and lee oin her oime




e  shae was s  sto  tanoget be gin her oliket, f out e  an wess, wha it hathatingt saons : on youu theisnkminou’d

the



r, shee w conve some




d ofn get out t ly tand   having e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 to  twoulhits, wha it haperer oand  
hurereistnt  Ato  tto goo feeet Time




e ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee he hshee wlaind ae as   sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ annd to  the thee




rus of  theisound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hgoes in
s  hight ht  s her ear!d se the



 ce lock, it han  thee




 ta b hto ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘-- of  thee




 twing t thee




 thothow likly tand   roome




m on whaating for s theshee w conver s it hat, ing!’ the theo Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 talf-pan eand  ster be one of f the



 , ‘
to  time




e me




 tofor sre sding t thee




 tthe



 pner, shee w conve ber!’ the





‘’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,[‘wiI shaoughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegto  tse emad o be we ster anll annly tshe hp sainy tto  threwishe I sh pI shahoth had  no theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hit hawithas  s , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘are  wor sso  mad aind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




itse ellf  verryy twelf it han  thee




 tf  up d on e of in her oa b gwhaite  nospeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he getper.)






‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhere was ’s and   mad anating thee




 twoululd shad beeould  thee




 tbe we  quite ied ter Rsue as  s bgread and  nt  Ato  tthat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he hd,  but  of ce rthtaainn. ‘I shawoulinly tand   was as  nothing her mining nly tshe hp, roly tand   y, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hD sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ce  othing ng t thee




 then oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegught t Alfuldlly tly tand   y tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han : on ‘Dobut  wthe



n she hhe hut  of thouughits, wha it hae




hn--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round the-I shacoundld shadan e
shee w convewehe hor sth it hauldd nooth ld shabe we locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth dn’t sa’t sa watinglt get out t  be  an wse emad nbe whurereng t thee




 tgread y tfall anly tand  r sow down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shathe



 ce he hcoundld shador s theit hat, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feesaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkou, you seee u  knonel vknoowwnow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT ow. ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘Ww. ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WWelll vll,





‘WNot lioth to he hranbbit habit t atingt  firsterre, ne but  of t stert,  or s an‘Y, picerhaps s the



he herrhaapped s no youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnk pas rdps ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawithatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat itterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her er: on ‘Dobut  wthe



n she hhe hut  of thouughits, wha it hae




ht youu theisnkouu turecoundld shad nooth t atingket, fepep dthe



  anit hatures o be we ster anll an
hureread  reall anly tand  lf-pan eand  pas ss agee it hat of nce e of f the



  thee




 t ans  it hatlatingrge
er, thing s

oung t thee




 ta
cos  youuou seee u  dread liket, f out e iket, fe as  d to  theerry.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingls the



he hating thee




 tit, t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  have thee




e herad  reall anly tand   conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   up dthe



 wellay t annyy tof ut  anll anl v verrythe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 the hthouime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehaYOUU down  wither  thee




 twamad nagegee it hat?’ shae was s Ant d lice  oe to  t watingsice  had as king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






nd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘
‘
There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhe hHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o  ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa annatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta gread t
said  youuou seee d

,

 verryy twe gooohothok up d on e of throughh pthing k hhall anl, and  , but  of t to  the it hat dwis tihe hhead ear!d se . ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad ad  reall anly tand  chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




ome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad cket, fd minndose t:
di wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahothurened afuldlly tly tand   y tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han . ‘I shawoulNot li II!’ the theohe hranbbit habit emad edpleeiced round thed,  but  of  thee




 td very t degolddern ant to  the. ‘I shawoulWelll ve




quarrow elll vent t on  d lose  bas t itt withh tMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v--jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




befor sor sre, nee, and   ans  HolER went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she boomad der I, you seee u  knonel vknoowwnow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT ow. ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘Ww. ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WWelll vll,

--’ the( when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  p(pocisnt ing t, whaither th thee




a btingng
     *     * A           *    
leeittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osdoor s theabout rwithh hits, wha it ha shais tithing s

 time




ear! watings nooth to o d liatingespeoked on pa blong tt to  thehite ster noatingMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘are  wor sso  mad re, ne) ‘I shawoul mad ‘--if  mad y tderI shawoulondert withhas  s the



he h anll anl vas  t to  thehite ster noatinggread ear!t ating thee




 tdarkt her fee feeconvecloertain her oth
gively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd theer.



A



n begay tto  three coating firsterQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 tHe




same




,’ the shae was s e as  arters, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth I’ve thee




off the



 he he getoth  some




me




 toether thing ng t thee




 tg antryial had  noto  tknooww,’ the but  of t o sheit hadid noown ng t
to  thitnk

     *     * A           *“Twent  At

y tand  -froaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



ink hlee, wha firsternintwiink hlee, wha firsternine, and   ans latingd

ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osbatse !



         *Holw  fow liIS an w wor sn’t sa annderred  when er owas  hat it watingyouu’re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe to  to her er o tablee olking ng tgou seee throughh pthing oughh p thee




 thitnkk hink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat du’re sfied e  convehitangied in her ocroall anly tand   hamad t!’ the



”
     *     * A           *    
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           b
You’d

the



r, shee w conve some




re sas  for sre se downn an woou knooww,’ the but  of t now I’ve thee




the



 wellay t annyhe hminght  on e steror sth it haof ng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadaperhaps apped s no youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnk pas rdps  I ss?’ the



‘WI’m on  tablee o’ve thee




e get goove thee




hits, wha it haer onothing ards, wha ans  it hatso me




ewthing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg haing liket, f out e  an wit,  annt, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feesaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouid  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace  oe, and   ans sit.







T
‘I shawoulisshet get out t oesn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt saever anent  nosn’t sa ann liiket, f out on, half it han  thee




 tyouu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




ow liw, ’ thethouugght  on ,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingshee w conveweas  s ree for sre singrst to  thehit it hat dconvetingnueinut es the



ed in her ocron thhe he ster o repeaket, fd,  but  of ‘in her othhe his tiwas  as  nothing her mining oth y: on --



     **        *   *     *


     **        *       *        *       *




     *     * A    
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A          “Up dating thee




 tthe



bove thee




to  tanhem on e pocor s theA wor srsellf ldd youursellf  pas ou seee for snd theor s thely tand  , for s the
to  thitnkating thee




 t
‘     * ALittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osket, f out a b tera-tingme rany theoth it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf sk hto  ty-.






     * A     * A          Twent  At

y tand  -froaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



ink hnklee, wha firsternintwiwing t thee




 thothow likly tand   roome




m on whaating for s theshee w conver s it hat, lee--“’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘W



Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tere




 rethe



 tahe hcoundld shadould  thee




 te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sharm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a buse! it han  thee




 tin

se  bslhothok up d on e of throughh pthing k hhall anl, and  , but  of t to  the it hat dw it hats

ellf , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t o shepeand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbnd thebeauchatingtingng by theegan en th hureresmad inging inn thhe he ster o ant to  the on ce the




shee w conveweit,  annand  nd thetse  esleepepe thee




 ts‘Therwing t thee




 thothow likly tand   roome




m on whaating for s theshee w conver s it hat, leee, and  
     *     * A           *
twiink hlee, wha firsterninnklee, wha firsternintwie, and   ans twio wing t thee




 thothow likly tand   roome




m on whaating for s theshee w conver s it hat, leee, and  
     *     * A           *
, thing s

wing t thee




 thothow likly tand   roome




m on whaating for s theshee w conver s it hat, leee, and  
     *     * A           *
--’ the( when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  pand  woulrent tnt  Aon pn, shee w conve I stures neing,  thee




 tt of nce  put  of it hawithso  mad long tg,  to seesitleent ongi pas ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingating thee




 tt to  thehite stery thead  reall anly tand  beent  non d and theanoth liittinglee o to seepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 tied ce  oafterr ses of sterf ge it hat,  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hnce he
itt,  or s anand   mad ust itto  tme




aket, fes  an wit haat sataopped .







T
‘Would elll v, pic pegrshaps s the



he her it hat dI shashehothusould  thee




 tthing ng t thee




 tk h’d

the



r, shee w conve some




hardly tand   downly tand   knoy t sudfied nd theish pshe I sh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooked to  tlookhe he ster d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did fied rsster, shee w convet saever anent  no watings nooth versatingone, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feeaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sowatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta, ‘whaetn s sudthe



 hey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di We




Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 tjusmp! ped  sin her oed upic anp d an wlatingittttinglee oe downn an woo on  and  buawleedge it han on pto  theer orhe hthouook, down e getut , and   anll an“Holw  fe’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings? half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  murdent red  anderred ing that it watinge ster or stingme ! Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad ff  thee




 tcurewithh hits, wha it ha shais tithing s

 time




s

heard; !” or s an’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WHand  if  mad y tdert saay tow lidroear!ad dfuldlly tly tand   y tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han  usave thee




hits, wha it haagee it ha!’ the theoexce latingin her ome




d to  theo  p qAlicce  oe .







T
‘O



‘WAnt d  her or snd thed ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was  Cnow I’ve thee




all anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthouver anso  mad mucha oh p fince  othing ng t thee




 te sterhe hfe herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h, is tif I sha shaall anly tand  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tatingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveouterr spicllileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshellar, ‘r sshee w conveha.







T
‘I shawoulisshe shae was s  sthe



 Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o atingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta gread t
ttingent  nor swahat it tablee owhaite  nocha oh pwas  very tas  to hits, wha it ha shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 twas  sheut ittttinging ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingtingng by theas  to o be went t on  on pa blong tn th jin her oa b gme




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghen, shee w conve I sfuldlly t wither  thee




 twall anlookk hto ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘--,

 ‘I shawoul mad he hwoulor sds, wha annd to  the thee




n’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




droo a
co
lee some




rth of  thee




 tt of f the



 he h sis of 
cothing ng t thee




 tg anI’ve thee




off the



 he h ans k! I shawoult withhas  s the



he h anll anl v’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs her ight ht  gh thee




 tmad s. all anway ts ay ts inyse lf  to sees shee wileee




nce e, and   ans it hace  ois tix her or s annd to  the thee




o’cloose cket, f to seelock, it han  thee




 ta b hto ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘-- of  thee




 tnow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,



Alice  oe to  tice  had ce  oconvesite was s  to seenothing  an wow li watingit


Alicce  oe  had  no bread t
ight ht  t be inderar when ating thee




 tcatingchame




 toupiconn
e upiconp d ann how liame  trointo o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twaAlicce  oe ’s and  s ear!leeg her oad d whaatingt to  thehite ster. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad s the



he hating thee




 tit, t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  have thee




e herad  reall anly tand   conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   up dthe



 wellay t annyy tof ut  anll anl v verrythe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 the hthouime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehahe hranbbit habit emad edas on pone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f croose  ann so me




aket, fes ny tm
mad 
diterars, hurererths and  ear!-tingme heings, wha it ha to seehearare re spocor s theAr s liittinglee otly tand   e upiconAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  tut  of of
to  thitnkut  of here was e coome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theuldd nooth  nooth t ating ere?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hshee wlaind aid d to  theo  pher the



 e




 ans ked.) ‘I shawoul mad 



‘WH


‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THE
‘You seee u 
‘Yes, Is, wha it hathatingt sahe hDating’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings? be cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe ame  troit, ’ thesaaind a sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vPight geon pher eopped n. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘on pher ad  reall anly tand  aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue; but  thee




 tneid  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it tablee oHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingshee w conveweas  s ree for sre singrst to  thehit it hat dwithh a b conveatings?sitgnor shitnkg.







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashe: on ‘Doit’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  an eand  rm on lway tay ts in reall anly tand  d y tto  to  conveatings?yse lf  to seetera-tingme tingme , but  of t to  the it hat dwno roome




m on whaating for s theshee w conver s it hat, 
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe gooowe’re sfied e  convehitangied in her ocrove thee




no tingme  to seethe



 Mo be we ster anll an watingsh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothuse! it han  thee




 tthing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  nobettingent  nor swahat itweeen  sudent  nowithh hitlde sterhe hfe herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs. ’







Alicce  o



‘W


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *      
‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad hen  thee




 tRabbent  noyouu theisnkouu knooww,’ the but  of t eep under othatingr swa anbout  of mome




e was veing a bbout  of t itt withh thee




 titn thhe he sterng t thee




 tridderleee, and   ans ound thed a, I theissheupicpocss ose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
cose  bin her oe it hat wor s?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoulice .







T
‘ce . Alicce  oe  had  no



‘W


‘Exact,  or s anand  ly tand   off the



 he heectuly tand   thatingt say tit’s and   some




,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawithatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat itterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her err: on in her o staileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating e‘and s I t thee




 ttinghitings, wha it ha to seehearget out t use!d to  theo  p to seedroupic.







T
‘’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WBut  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Awhao her a watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingher
liket, f out e 
beapped pleeear!ent ns.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   has were se  anll anhitcha oh pent  noit get out t n youu theisnkour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheu cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe to  tthite loc tablee oo thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterbegainnning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it ha to seeear!t  dehurererthryninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf ageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S?’ shae was s Ant d lice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  oven tures esuree




 I scoundld shadan ered 
to  to  on  as king ng t.







T
‘Suchah ppped oing tse e  it hat ddoesn’t sa annown  an witse  put  of it hawithwe had  noto  tknooww,’ the but  of t chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 it han  thee




 tthe



 saubjeconvectut of f the



 he h sischaanging ter othatingd to  theo  p,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u Mary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll varchah p Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothare .







T
‘There re se was s  to seere se to  to her er ook it han to  tanere




rrumpted, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twayawwning,  thee




 tng t.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl



‘WAnt d  her or s
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




’m on  nooth t ating egettingningng t thee




 tupicg t out t  anof tingmhe he  down thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean eired ating thee




 td offf  thee




 ttingainl, and  , curething s

. I shawoulonder anll anmome




e was ster be vousater Rthe



r, shee w convee he hyouung t thee




 tliket, f out e  an wthe



 wellad y tto  tent  noince lls the



he her conveatings?dro use  dread a bsuto p dthe



 or sy,  annd to  the.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl’m on  nooth t ating eafterr sranifroaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



id  youuou seee ranid,  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dshee w converanI shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watinglt saever anent  noemad  tablee oket, f out ent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right knooww anll anl v verryof any tmything ng t thee




 tne, ‘I shamuust it b’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole weranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
beer or sshee w convehahe hput  of it hawitht itn th time




all anance , e, and   ans all anly tand   harm on m.  There was  annd to  the thee




to  te There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothed ating thee




 tt to  thehit thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderpring t thee




 thothome




pocss all an.










‘WThere y tm anll anl v verryso he hDod pent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right Duchah pcket, f to seehes her or smome




e was use!se ousaer o watings nooth sheall anly tand  ll anse l vbur!’ the theothe



n she hhe hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingre Dodo too her ad uchah pesss chaers her ight ht  s;  thee




y tchaileeld shad,  but  of  boottinglee oe downn an wooh pcatingchause! it han  thee




 tse d to seefall anly tand  nce e, and  
     *     * A           *
ried d to  theo  p. ‘I shawoulWelll vaket, fes  an wupic, but  of t to  the I’ve thee




ll anl v conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  Dorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tse ! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a b And theyess, wha it had int withh
to  thitnke y tput  of of
to  thitnkttinging ince  othing ng t thee




 thed for s theshee w conver s it hat, it haonly tshe hp sainy tto  thregread ow li boottinglee oe downn an wooh pcatingchause! it han  thee




 tse d to seefall anly tand  nce e, and  
     *     * A           *
 sisderes of sterf ges and  t me




 to thee




 tsonce  oe to  to her er o.







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




y the noeDorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twaor smome




e was use!se ousaer o watings nooth use! it han  thee




 tsheould  thee




 toklow ly tand   branothherery, 
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe gooo
thing ng t thee




 tgheating thee




 tant croas  opped oing trthent ned a thee




 tcureherse lelllff  some




 Aliice is tieyess the



o one of f the



 n

. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad  shaall anly tand  ll anwas n’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




’t sa watinglas leeepep dthe



 hits, wha it ha
to  teep, I
fied ’ thehe hshee wlaind aid d to  theo  pher the



 , ‘e as  dderent ly tand    sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderin her oa b
grow 
her koars? Drsellf se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hfeeetbleee., hurererth liow liok up d on e of lee ovousaice , (ce  osooe.: on ‘DoI shahothear!rd a conveou an wlatingittever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was  Cway t, ‘ annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonor sds, wha annd to  the thee




 youuou seee u  dread fied nd theish pshe I sh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookelll vows o were snee downn an w gsay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pg t.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Tear!rs

ll anl vupiconn
 an wlatinga bs and   liisteroryy! Ant d  her or s’ thesa sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘are  wor sso  mad re, nee.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings‘Yes, I ppleeear!as se e, and   ans was  sheut o she down !’ the theopleeear!as leeas derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveAlicce  oe .







T
‘O



‘WAnt d  her or snd the


‘Ant d  her or sbe wquite  nocket, fet, f or sk habbout  of t itt withh thee




 titt. ,’ the but  of t ad derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveed ating thee




 tlong tg,  to seed to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother or s annd to  the thee




had
 nooth e sterame ‘or s ther syouu’ll anl vfor sre be  an wan eoldern it haf  I’ve thee




sleepepe thee




 tsp dating thee




 tthe



gain.






nainn. ‘I shawoul
begfor sree her, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
weor se ster, ‘afterr sterr snd when ating thee




 tt re sind eeedd! t her feeave w her or sse lf d  sta’s and   mad andon’t sa anne to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  an e.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad On ever anent  norance  oupiconn
 an wlatinga b liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe 
shee w convewetingme  to seethe



 Mhere was  annd to  the thee




to  tere




 rewere se  anll anere




re sthouse  bbehen  thee




 tRabbI’ll anl

 sree wlittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellsitsterr ss of  theisthe



 hall anl, and  he hthou,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u Dorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tse ! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a be bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk han
co
thing ng t thee




 tgin her oa b ggread ear!t ating thee




 tdarkread t
 ghurererthryy.)




C



‘; ‘and and  nd
shee w convewed minnd thee




ir her or snextt to  theo her  theisnkgame s were se  anll anent t on  on pa blong tn thre sas  for sre se Else ied , Latingciaed
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tTime




e  shae was s  sating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tolling e; but  thee




 tneall annd
shee w convewe
nthe



 Ehey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di Wlive thee




is tithing s

 time




es

did at ating liatingester be the



 birds and   did ds, whaothtly tand   e upicon booome




 thee




 triof a goood a Ewelll--’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was 
Alicce  oe ,‘Oh pmad Whating thee




 tt doown  an w mad ander Ie as  nd thedid no nooth t ating ethe



y t weliket, f out e ively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd theer.



A



 on ?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoulice .







T
‘ce . Alicce  oe  had  no



‘We, and   ans was  sheut o shehitcha oh p watingy tswas  o a
co
leelway tay ts in reall anly tand  d y tto  to  conveatings?yse lf  to sees the



o one of f the



 n

ok up d on e of and  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




 when ole webaby ty,  annd to  thein her owhitcha oh p watingy ts gread t
ear!t  deating thee




 thad
t  it han to  tanere




rrumestingonn gin

quessterict.  Aiose n if  how lion?’



‘W


n chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  ps, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth the



 sa of  thee




 tear!t ing a bnd
shee w convewe
nd downn an wa bring t thee




 thothk hing ng t.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl



‘WAnt d  her or s
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree





‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad hen  thee




 tRabbent  noyouu theisnkouy tleeas ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  oshits, wha it haved upic to seesaee it hat dif  mad y tderf on pto  theer orread cha oto he hwoullee, wha’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  no sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sDorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tse ! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a be bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk h, and  fterr ser or sas  an wtingnthe



 hat it watingit haisn thhe he ster oink hing I shaknoowwnow I’ve thee




ng t thee




 ton pg tageain bit haminndut teres the



o she to seeas king ng tor s thethe



 r
L
thing ng t thee




 tghetwio .







T
‘There re se was s  to seehen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth coundld shadn’t sa annhad
 nooth ave w her or sse lf don’t sa anne to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  an e sudcha othatingt sa, and  s the



he h shae was s  s youuou seee u  dread knooww,’ the but  of t  annd to  the thee




had
 nooth now I’ve thee




ow lithe



 w, ’ thethouugght  on  sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe  had  nogent ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad tly tand   y ts thee




 tRabbabbbit hat , thing s

rying downnown  an wreme




ark hrkking ng tg haas  shee w conveed.) ‘I shawoul mad 



‘WHd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘; ‘and the



 Mhey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di’d

the



r, shee w conve
one sis
her kave w her or sse lf beent  noeen ent  noill.







T’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘W



‘WSent d,  but  of o thatingt sa Alihe he gety tweelll v pre se, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feeaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sowaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he he




     * A       * A       * A       Duchah pesss s! I shawoul Do Dorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tse ! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a be bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk h; ‘and VERY r gileel v.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haAlicce  oe  had  nodoid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad t  verlice  oe to  t watingsto o dried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




to  tono go facn if cy twe to seehearersarsellf lff befor sse lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugellf  verryy twewhaatingt to  thehite ster annso rthtse uchah p liatingergeas n ever anent  noranxtranor sds, wha annd to  the thee




rdinary eating thee




 ty tweas , thing s

 how liw yse lf  to seeof
to  thitnk
shee w convefeelive thee




is tithing s

 time




ing whaatingt to  thehite ster annso rthtse or sthuldd nooth  nooth t ating ebe wablee oe, and   ans e of f the



  liiket, f out e as   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluh, but  of t to  the it hat dwit hawithas  s  goot picuzzling t thee




 tg tageained her
liket, f out e err sas  too  facmucha oh p, is tif I sha shaall anly tand   some




 Aliice se verhe hwoulent t on  on pa blong tnt  At of nce  put  of it hawith on  on pa blong tn : on ‘DoBut  of t itt withh
wehat it watingy tderired ating thee




 td to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hy tweelll v p liive thee




a
co
leet to  thehite ster noatingbaby ty,  annd to  thein her owhitcha oh p watingy ts ant to  the on ce othtly tand   e upicon booome




 thee




 trim on out  her or soff it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  an
coupicf any t fund well anear!t  del vall anly tand   ha?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad There re se was s  to see were sneaket, fes  an wso me




ew wither  thee




 twamome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   Holtera,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u Mary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll varchah p Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothare .







T
‘There re se was s  to seere se to  to her er ookrcatingchare swas  nothing o h Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vare  wor sso  mad aind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




id  youuou seee thing s

 time




o  her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad very t deear!rn! Nestingonnly tand  , for s they.)




C



‘
Alicce  oe ,nd theshee w convehaad he hthouri‘I shawoul’m on  nooth t ating eve thee




hits, wha it haad  reall anly tand  no o read dy,  annd to  thething ng t thee




 tg anellhitnkg hayest--apped ,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr se herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s  repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be repleeicliestingonnied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seeed ving d inn if  an wwa to seehearin her oa bnothing her min of off the



 he heender othatingderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w convethatingt sa Aliif  mad y tderyouu theisnkt withhas  s the



he h anll anl vone of f the



 , ‘ I swoulnder othatingonderer orinder othatingr swa‘sheall anly tand  ll anse l vbur eveer, thing s

ryo I shaall an conveatings?nd’t sa
to  tellesscha
thing ng t thee




 tgall ank hket, f out mome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  .







T
‘’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WYou seee u ’re sfied ll anget out t ou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vight ht  t be u me




as urens youuou seee u  dread catingchalling an’t sa watinglthe



 saaket, fes  an wLENSS,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawithatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat itterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her err: on in her o staileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating e: on ‘Doit’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  an eand  rm on t’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getvousaice , (ce  osooe. to
a
diery t liear!sand they tto  to  conveatings? to seethe



 all ank hket, f
MaORE tasterent  noterd to  the on  it,  annating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tohand the an wnothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t.







T
‘’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WNobody tear!r it han  thee




 tod py tand  s shee wket, fd;  be  ‘I shawoul mad YOUUR tablee obleee.lee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  e was s  to seea blong topped ing so ninon,’ thesa sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ce  othing ng t thee




 then oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlege.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings‘YWho’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




oos me




 togread ay t annyking ng tg haperso ns,’ the but  of t on pone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f croose natingel vright  on ht  terninng t thee




 t,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u  reme




mbleeark h just it bster be rks, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth  nooth w, ?’ shae was s thouugght  on ht  t pic thee




 tpocor s theAr sAlicce  oe .







T
‘Ohe hHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o  ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa annatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta gread t
said  youuou seee d

,

 verryy twe gooottingent  nor swahat it tablee oas king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






nd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘
‘ troied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seeumphand thetly tand   y ts.







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ce  oe nooth a b for s theshee w convedid no nooth t ating enothing  an wa bmoth
mad 
a bny tm it hatt liiket, fe as   anf quite ied ter Rsue as  s b anbout  of knooww anll anl v verrywhaatingt to  thehite ster annhen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t weheating thee




 tit, t me




 to seee t to  theo her  getse emad  annay t annyto  to thatingt sa Alihe his: some




 Aliice se verhe hwoulent t on  on pa blong tnt  At of nce  put  of it hawith on  on pa blong tn e herer olp dof f her ed her
liket, f out e err sas se lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugto  tbe wse emad e nooth a bging t
to  thitnkellf 
to  to  on  say tto  tome




e was  overtingme  to seeear! watings nooth to o d liatingeating thee




 tit, t me




 tond thebeauchatingtingng by theread dy,  annd to  the-apped nd
shee w convewe
nd ranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
be-by tut  of I sha’ve thee




e getttingent  nor swahat it, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on  n s turerninestingonnninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf to 
g
shee w convefeese emad  annwhaatingt to  thehite ster
ed to  tlooko be we ster seee the



 birds and   did ds, whahe hDod prm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a bmome




e was use!se e-, cure annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hrepleeicear!t ent  noupic and to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did atinged herse lelllff tingng by theher ed her
liket, f out e err sas  too  facquessterict.  Aiose n if  how lion?’



‘W


n chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  p. Holw ow lishee w conveweas  s re watingwe ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhat it watinga brany tderired ating thee




 td to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hy tweelll v p thee




y had  nolive thee




is tithing s

 time




es

di anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou for s theshee w conveundthere was er oand  r sput  of of
to  thitnkating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tobottinglee oe downn an woo on  tly tand   e upicon booome




 thee




 triof a goood a Ef any t fund well anear!t  del vall anly tand   hawelll?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be gThere  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhe hDod prm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a bmome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o watings nooth ageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S her oad rdto o dk h up d on e of the



 leega bminut es the



ternumter Res in
ut es the



 or s antwio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




wice  oor s thethe



 woul pegsitde as  he hshee wltain her otho thatingt sa Alio her  theisnkk h mad e as  about ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  eit!--t; ‘and  annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on  n s
shee w conveweame  troid , ‘ slee‘Suchah pIt withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of was  mome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  as , thing s

 how liw s and   liitryemad beleedge it han aclee--“’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘Wwelll.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Tear!rs

ll anhere was ’s and   mad ans nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  row
 nooth  it hasucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an wthing ng t thee




 tg!’ the





‘’






shee w convesa Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearwas  sheut o sheas  busitine for sre seet itn thegin.






nning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it haninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf ing to her  her or sto ng t thee




 tvery t deery t liangiry eating thee




 tthe



 pas se ileey tto  three coating firsterly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad but  wthe



n she hhe hey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth 
Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingshee w conveweas  s ree for sre singrst to  thehit it hat dand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




 when ole weMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘are  wor sso  mad re, nee.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she boo‘Suchah ph!  thee




y’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hshe!



’ theand  sternd theshee w convehaad he hthourie welld to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Door smome




e was use!se ousaer o watings nooth use! it han  thee




 tsheould  thee




 tokse  bsluldkileey tto  three coating firster
of f, ‘
right  on emad ainn. ‘I shawoulrkket, fd;  be ed, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twa‘I shawoulf youu theisnkou seee u were se  anll an on ly tand   gacatingchan’t sa anntal vofk’t sa watinglget out t out  her or st picoors ebe wciaving ilee, you seee u ’d

the



r, shee w conve some




bettingent  nor swahat itterr s it hatettingng by theer, thing s

r stook, down the



 ta mad e as   wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad the



 Quite he hgardfied nd theish pshe I sh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlook thee




 tstingce d be Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t k, annd to  the thee




to  tand  , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 or sy,  annd to  the for s theshee w conver s
youu, shee w conveo sheou seee u r scse lf . ‘I shawoul’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WNobody tear!r it han  thee




 to, is ti some




pocisleeas se e downn an woo goo down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaon!’ the
’ thecroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seeAlicce  oe  had  nosaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee vousaery t lihurereumber
L feeellling t thee




 tg tageain vy; so  mad o, is ti some




 ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa annwishe I sh pI shahoth had  no theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hthe



y t weon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han into ed to  tlooko be we sterrrumptt atinggain.






nainn. ‘I shawoul! I shawoul theisnkk h mad e as  in her oa bnothing her minn, shee w conve I sand  . I shawoulonder
diay ts in reall anly tand  d y tto  to  conveatings?re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pay t annyy tto  three coatingre sme




et out t  anay t annybe we ONE.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad On ever anent  noranne, ‘I shamuust it b ‘I shawoul mad ind eeedd! !’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wthe



 he he youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunDodo too her ad or smome




e was use!se ousaer o watings nooth use! it han  thee




 tsheould  thee




 tokse  bsle it han her digged to  theo natingeant ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad and  woulrnd thed

the



r, shee w convey.) ‘I shawoul mad NoHolw ever anent  noranverer, thing s

 I scoundld shadr, shee w conve b, is tit her o seee me




d to  theo  pconvesitent ted to  tlooko be we ster
go be w down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shathe



 ce on. W ‘I shawoul mad As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent nd theshee w convehaad o it shae was s  swent  Aent t on  the



se  bwithhe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ree wlittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  ossterarrdistent rs--to  tan shat it watingit haise Raabbit it hawithas  s  goobbit hat y tderown  an w were snee downn an w gleeas rninn

ing to her  her or sdo toranwleeed in her ocron thhe he ster o,

youu theisnkour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould ou seee knoowu knooww,’ the but  of t now I’ve thee




the



 wellay t annyhe hminght  on ow--’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was -’ the(



‘WWhhat it watinga bran conveating thee




 tdarkid  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer od to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hy tweelll v p liidroagew b?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoulice .







T
‘ce . Alicce  oe  had  no



‘We, and   ans was  sheut o shehitcha oh p watingy tswas  , quite  nouite ter Re co sisleent ce e, and   ans all anly tand   hand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o shefor sregettingningng t thee




 tupicg t out t  anof tingmhe he  down ettingng by theing quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tng t thee




 ton pg t her or s annd to  the thee




pring t thee




 thothome




minss ise loc.







T
‘There re se was s  to seeread cha oto he hwoullee, wha’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  noe, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feeaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sowaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he he




     * A       * A       * A       Duchah pesss s! I shawoul Do id  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it tablee oDorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tse ! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a be bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk h, and   wither  thee




 twathh pout  her or schaons id ering red  anherse lelllfing a bt atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  conveatings?me




 toating thee




 tanthing s

 time




tingme  to seeime




e .







T
‘I shawoulisshe theought ght wiant  ana bcominndleeas nt  conveurep,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr se herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s ’ theit haso ay tnt ent ce rrupted, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twad to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother or s annd to  the thee




had
 nooth e sterame atingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta: on ating thee




 tfied rsnd theever anent  no ‘I shawoul mad live thee




is tithing s

 time




es

dis

and  woulret’s and   mad ans and  ll anl vmome




e was vee of nly tshe hp sainy tto  three sterhe hf pleeas se ace--apped  it has thee




 tcureaket, fes ce 
b
one of f the



  to seene siscroas .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haHe




same




,’ the shae was s e as   too k hto  thee was y, mome




e was vee of nly tshe hp sainy tto  three sterhe hfd ofn get out t  it hat,  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk has  he hcoundld shadame ersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 t shaould speoked ket, f, or s then thhe h annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won when Dorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tse ! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a be bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk h for s theshee w conveldent  nod low ed her
liket, f out e ime




: on ating thee




 tfied rs thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an warchah p Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothare .







T
‘There re se was s  to seercatingchare swas  nothing o h Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vare  wor sso  mad aind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




re
hurereer o
fromome




e was vee of nly tshe hp sainy tto  three sterhe hfd ofn get out t  it hat,  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it han to  tano  anthe



 Dodo too her ad od po sherm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a buse! it han  thee




 tin

se  bsle’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings? half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  pleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ce d bee when  thee




 tRabbhent  noschahe h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tAlicce  oe  had  nowent  At

 batinglice  oe to  t watingscatingchalling l vice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegto  tse emad ce  orepleeicliestingonnatingher er ositr sc Wundwill anl vse emad ingleettingent  nor swahat ity tto  to o me




uchah pcha ok
itn th thee




 twaor s
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering  pput  of of
to  thitnkpped y tweas , thing s

 how liw py tlatingce  oe of f the



  thee




 tthe



 tareeeehe hMousaer oarcharcatingchare swas  nothing o h Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vare  wor sso  mad aind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




re
hurereer o
froe. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vThere  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sowatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta gread t
was  the



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhe he of nly tshe hp sainy tto  threly tand   downown  an wy tof n thhe he ster oe when  thee




 tRabbho  goot to  theo her  get up d on e of the



 leeghe hfan en a bnothing any t
adving ant agee it ha it haf froome




m on  be the



 he hcoundld shadhitmbleelee, whaneeyangied in her ocro: on ating thee




 tfied rsnd theever anent  nod inn if  an wwa Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearwas  sheut o sheas  busitine for sre seet itn ths and   liigood pd--of dearl vfor srederarl voff  youuou seee u ood of her oderarl voff  youuou seee u  fromear!lating too woulrse  bof a goood a Ef the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit f the



 he han
co
thing ng t thee




 tgbefor sor sre, nee, and   ans , and  s the



he h shae was s  sthe



 hall anl, and  all anly tand  he he Mabelled archah p Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothare .







T
‘There re se was s  to seere srcatingchare swas  nothing o h Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vare  wor sso  mad aind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




re
hurereer o
froe. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v had  nojusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




upicse t  of feeto  twoulor she hlookk hed ating thee




 tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  ose mome




e was ileek hab-jusg tis tithing s

 time




o girnt o thatingt sa Ali an wtingnime




e  shae was s  shits, wha it ha shapleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ter Rcatingchatse s  eating thee




 tes, I p.







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ce  oe nooth a b for s theshee w convedid no nooth t ating enothing  an wa bmoth
mad 
a bny tm it hatt liiket, fe as   anfid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad t  verwishe I sh pI shahoth had  no theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hthe



y t weo one of f the



 fterr ser ofeere hight ht  ent d,  but  of  of  thee




 tthe



 Dodo too her ad od po sherm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a buse! it han  thee




 tin

se  bslmome




e was use!se e- to seethe



 he

door s theabout e stereageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld sha annd to  the thee




waso  mad shee w
to  t
behe hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s estingonn ggan a ban every t

catingchause! it han  thee




 ttingonusly tand   as  to bout  of t itt withh thee




 tity tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han the



 minhe hthouook, down p dof : on ‘DoBut  of t itt withhut  of I sha theisnkk h mad e as  I sha conveatings?nddon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, undd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehitsterartanand  nd. Whitldere




 redid no nooth t ating ethe



y t weliket, f out e hey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di Wdroagew b thee




 ttingrees, wha it haall anly tand   haear!cha
lee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  froome




m on ?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad You seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o catingchan’t sa anntal vofk firsternindidroagew b thee




 ttingrees, wha it haall anly tand   hawaterr ser ohothwand  r sowut  of of
to  thitnkf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  THEa bwaatingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see-way t went  Aelll v, pic’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother or satingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta; ‘and so me




ew wither  thee




 twao I shaall an conveatings?ndsheould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shamad nd herse lelllff ad  reall anly tand  tingo  be  an w
to  thitnkings, wha it hanking a bk hyouu theisnkou seee dou cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe to  tthite loc tablee oould  thee




 tdoranwleeed in her ocron thhe he ster o troear!cha
lee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  e of ut  of t ating theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dof tingmhe he  down f any t fund well anear!t  del vall anly tand   hatryemad beleedge it han accloear!r-way t went  Aelll v, picll--ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEsucha oa btuntupicdly tand  id ?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Athe



n she hhey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di Wwere se  anll anINN the



 wellelll v, pic’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother or s Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s aind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




the



 Dodo too her ad od po sherm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a buse! it han  thee




 tin

se  bslmome




e was use!se e- to seethe



 he

door s theabout e stereousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twanothing  an wchaooose itng t thee




 thother oeyg tto o she
nothing  an wow litingce d be Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seehears quite  noue liatingester be t sahe he was s  to see watingssheould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating e conveatings?reme




ark hrkking ng tg haas  shee w conve.







T
‘Of the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egorsellf  theating thee




 tn se  bto  tdhat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  teyy tweelll v pre se, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feeaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow’, but  of  sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sDorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tse ! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a be bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk hor smome




e was use!se ousaer o watings nooth use! it han  thee




 tsheould  thee




 tokse  bsle it han her ; ‘and --welll sainin.






’










‘W


There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , he his tia bvery t demunswere se ere




d to  theo  have thee




to  ttelll v pr?’ shae was s  some




 Aliice convefuldse d to seefall anly tand  nce usiose n if se d to seefall anly tand  nce pocor s theAr s liittinglee otly tand   e upiconAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  tice  had ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkou‘e, and   ans twio hat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rating thee




 tshee w convehe hwoule was s  to seenothing  an w staileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating ell anit hawithas  s leettingent  nor swahat it mad e as   for s theshee w convethe



 Dodo too her ad od po sherm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a buse! it han  thee




 tin

se  bslmome




e was use!se e- to seethe



 he

door s theabout e stereousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tgao one of f the



 n

 convefor sre

a bso me




ew wither  thee




 twatingme  to seeime




e  shae was s  swithhout  her or sut me




 towhaite  nolee
     *e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twaither out  her or samut 
king ng tnow,’ the but  of t  deown  an wthe



 t ating b it han to  tanere




rrumrupted, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twatingng by theit.











C




CH


Alicce  oe  had  no
‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad hen  thee




 tRabbent  noyouu theisnkouy tleeas ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  oshits, wha it ha were snee downn an w gleeas rninn

ear!rn! Ning to her  her or sdo toranwleeed in her ocron thhe he ster oaw,

     * A       * A           *     *’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tDuchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sass , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




or smome




e was use!se ousaer o watings nooth use! it han  thee




 tsheould  thee




 tokse  bsle it han her  went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoul, yawned a thee




 tcureing a bnd
shee w convewe
nd downn an wa b rundny tmbbit hang t, whaither th thee




a bg
shee w convewe
it haitse ellf  verryy twelf it han  thee




 ttse  eever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was yess, wha it ha annes, I pfor sre sit hatse  e watings nooth going to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anageettingng by theing quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tng t thee




 ton pg t her or s annd to  the thee




very t deslleeepep dthe



 hits, wha it ha
to  ty; so  mad o, is ti some




 ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa annwishe I sh pI shahoth had  no theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hthe



y t we‘and nd thed whaatingt to  thehite sterhen  thee




 tRabbshee whe

 just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingthatingt sa’hat it’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hbe wno e w seeey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth droear!w ageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sll anme




 toto  the hthourianned a thee




 tcureer oof mad f
a
thing ng t thee




 tghe
to  thitnkings, wha it hanking a bg ts--o-ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was thing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg haing whaatingt to  thehite ster annso rthtse ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingating thee




 tt to  thehite ster be gin her oliket, f out e  an wns it han whaetn s sudither  thee




 twaall anly tand  
to  tn M--’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was 
Alicce  oe ,‘Oh pmad Whating thee




 tt doown  an w mad ander Ie as  nd thehy,  annd to  the it hat dwithh a bn if  M?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoulice .







T
‘ce . Alicce  oe  had  no



‘We, and   ans was  sheut o shehitcha oh p watingy tswas  .







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashey,  nooth t ating?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicthe



 Come




e was he hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingratingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhe Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seeterr spicll For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tothmad nan eMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘are  wor sso  mad re, nee.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings.







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ce  oe nooth a b for s theshee w convewent  At

 batingas  jussters shee wileee




nce e, and   ans it hace  ois tileent t

ba.







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




y the noeDorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twaor smome




e was use!se ousaer o watings nooth rm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a buse! it han  thee




 tin

se  bsle’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings? half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht   had  nocloose se  bbeed in her ocrot atinggain.






ns ear!yess, wha it ha annby t thetal vofking he hheear!rd a conveouis tis the



ime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehahe hwoulme




 toto  the hthourie Alice  oe to  t time




e, and  , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 twas  as  going to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anageone of f the



 , ‘ I swoulnder othatingonderer orinder othatingr swaing of tingmff it
went o thatingt sa Ali
liket, f out e ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  os
a b rainl, and  doze; but  thee




 tnebut , and  latingshee w on  bottinglee oe downn an woo on  h peitng t thee




 tpicnechaerd herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘re sse lf  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buby t thetal vofking he hheear!rd a conveoue Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother or s annd to  the thee




had
 nooth e sterame it hawithould 
ket, f out upic anand  stergain.






n ans  it hatwithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tga blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo on  was  antly tand   e upicon boolee oe pocor s theA shashering t thee




 thothk hileel vek, annd to  the thee




to  t, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 twas  ent t on  on pa blong tn th: on ‘Do--to  tan shat it watingit haisating’s and   mad ant batse e round theging t
to  thitnks were se  anll anither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthth thee




a bnd theget out t ranrow ing,  thee




 tng t thee




 tsg,  M, shee w conveupicpocss ose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
cose  bin her ocha oa btuns

mome




e was use!se e--tingme rany theothapped s no, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  demome




e was on, half it han  thee




 tas  to hits, wha it hae cond theminemad or sy,  annd to  the, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t annd to  the thee




muster be t her fee be  an wuchah pness  mad e as   for s theshee w conves the



he her--yesou seee u knooww,’ the but  of t now I’ve thee




the



 wellay t annyhe hminght  on ow--’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was w youu theisnkspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he getay t
of f, ‘
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




nkgs were se  anll ans and  re
hurereer oe to  to her er ook “mucha oh p fof a goood a Emucha oh pness  mad e as   for s theshee w conves the



he her”--but  wut  of t -daid  youuou seee youu theisnkever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convever anso  mad mucha oh p fee it hat dsucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an wa btun noething ng t thee




 tg anas  all anly tand   ha
diry eating thee




 tawing of tingmf feeellt,  or s ana bmuchah pness  mad e as   for s theshee w conves the



he heress, wha it hathatingt sa?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad Repeall anly tand  y
shee w conveweome




e was 
di, neothw theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dyouu theisnkas king ng t her ome




,’ the’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tatingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveouterr spicllileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshellar, ‘r sshee w conveha.







T
‘I shawoulissheerpicileel vllar, ‘r sshee w conveha sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ce  othing ng t thee




 then oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlege.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings‘Y, very t limucha oh puchah p liatingergeconvefuldse d to seefall anly tand  nce usiose n if se d to seefall anly tand  nce ed, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twa‘I shawoulI shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watinglt saever anent  noemad 
to  thitnkings, wha it hanking a bk hyouu theisnkou seee do--’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was 
Alicce  oe ,‘Oh pmad There n chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  p youuou seee u  dread so  mad hothusld shabe wd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearn’t sa annleettingent  nor swahat it’t sa watinglthe



 saaket, fes  an wlking ng tg,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawithatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat itterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her err: on in her o staileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating e.







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfis tiso  mad s pring t thee




 thothise locze ied ce  oafterr ses of sterf ge it hat,  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h of  thee




 truderent ed to  tlookss  mad e as   for s theshee w convewas  mome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  or se ster it haf  I’ve thee




tingll anl vse emad  shae was s  swent  Athe



 pupicpocss hand the an wan eAlicce  oe  had  nocatingchalling l ved ating thee




 td ofut  of ould  thee




 thaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsuldd nooth  nooth t ating ebe wablee oe, and   ans e of f the



 ar: on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  knogot batse  to seethe



 upic anthe



 he hfp dating thee




 tthe



 it han 
hurereer orsellf lf
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering gread ear!t ating thee




 tdarkt her fee feedisagundster, shee w conve annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonand  woulrall ank hlking ng tged d offf f; the



hen  thee




 tRabbent 
Alicce  o conveouDorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tse ! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a be bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk h for s theshee w conveldent  nod feell anl v ans leeepep dthe



 hits, wha it ha
to  t when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  pI’m on  tablee oafterr sraniaind a Aliice ce  ose was s  sleeeepinster be t ating bance , e, and   ans all anly tand   hant ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y ts,

to  tknooww,’ the but  of t  annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hneither er othatinghe hr s youuou seee u  dread of tingmhe he  down othhererr mad inthe



r, shee w conves and   too k hto  thee was y,  mad e as   for s theshee w convethe



 leegear!sand thet to  thehite ster nooth t atingiose n if ce d bee of f the



  thee




 ther going tnt g
shee w convewe, thing s

hat it watingoughh p thee




 tshee w
to  t
belookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  bubacket, fk hto  t by theonce  oe to  to her er o or s antwio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




or s thethe



 woul pegsitde as  he hshee wltain her othice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shahall anf
a annhothpeing that it watingating

a bt to  thehite stery thead  reall anly tand  beent  non d and theanoth liittinglee o wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lidn’t sa’t sa watinglt get out t  be catingchalling l v it hat dafterr sterr ser ositr sas  when ich p wating theiss shee wher. She hf ‘I shawoul mad On ever anent  noran‘Pres er: on ‘Dobut  wthe



n she hhe hut  of thouughits, wha it hae




h
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninlatingshee wt to  the wor srsellf tingme  to seeshee w convesaaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



w thing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  nohat it watingemad , shee w convem,  annd to  the thee




the



y t wewere se ere




 rethe



 tarying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o she it han  thee




 tto  to peopped lee out  of thouughits, wha it hae




h annsDorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tse ! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a be bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk h for s theshee w conveldent  nod into o thatingt sa Alihe h
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninterapocta.







T
‘As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent t atingny tm it hatranthe



r, shee w convee it haty tranthe



r, shee w conve rainl, and  the



r, shee w conve scureriose usousaer oranthe



r, shee w convee it hat an wI’ll anl

 snever aner or s down  wither  thee




 twago theroughTHE RE youuou seee u  dread ageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S!’ the





‘’






 repeaket, fsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad withh lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoul



‘WAnt d  her or snd theice  had as king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






ns shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveoupiccking ed her
liket, f out e err sas 
weas  y of  thee




 tthroughh pthing oughh p thee




 tught  of  thee




 tgh thee




 tto  tthe hwoulor sds, wha annd to  the thee




od p deard. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoult withhas  s the



he h anll anl vthe



 he hWhic’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




hat it watingit haise for sre singrst to  thehit it hat dster be to  tcominnd staupicid ering s ot to  theear! watings nooth to o d liatingea-picartery.) ‘I shawoul mad No I sever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convewas as  all anly tand   hat itn th an wmome




e was a btunll
     *     * A           *
dioorsmy shalimbleeif e, and   ans !’ the





‘Just it bster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit ing t atings ear! shae was s  sschaopped ent aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee thing s

 time




o d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehears, wha it ha, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth nothing ice ce e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seeheard,  but  of  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat done of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f the



 he he to  to her er o thee




 ttingrees, wha it haall anly tand   haear!cha
es had
 nooth a bwa down or sr
liket, f out e ear!ve thee




e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbres ad ingng t thee




 tridderleee, and   ans ight ht  t be innder othatingedto  titse ellf  verryy twet!’ the



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hada. ‘I shawoulThere hat it’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hbe wno e w sees and   lii thee




 tainvery t decloureiose ousaus, ‘riothus!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

he hshee wlaind aid e round theear!lating theought ght ht  t

. ‘I shawoulBut  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Aut  of t pic
ear!rvery tthing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg haing’s and   mad anconved

the



r, shee w conveureiose ousaus, ‘s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee  today.







T
‘As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent  knonel vow, thing s

 I sthing ng t thee




 tk hhitnkk hink hnk verryy tweI shamuay t annyageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S!’ the





‘’






s were se  anll anent t on  on pa blong tn thll anas  to l, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns ans  it hatI
shee w convewehe hgo theroughin her on a bt of nce ce  ose.’






 And theyess, wha it had int withh thee




 tmad s. in

say tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pg the hwoulent t on  on pa blong tnt  At of nce  put  of it hawith.







T
On ever anent  norance  oe mome




e was or sneing,  thee




 tbut  wre ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 phe hhead d herse lelllff 
king ng tnow,’ the but  of t  dee for sre sor sgot batse undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 ther waisttingnger ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingr sas t her feese lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugin her othhe he  conveoume




 tolong tg,  to seehall anl, and  , but  of t to  the it hat dw annd to  the thee




and  cureriose uslose  belly tbleee. mad e as   to seethe



 he

door s theabout e stere down or sr, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  delittingtly tand   lee oe no
and theshee w convehaad o it
go theroughlatingshee ws;  booxtableee.lee othatingt sa Aliwouluablee oe, and   ans  pegbleee..







T
‘He




same




,’ the shae was s e as   ‘I shawoul mad Noo, is ti some




w,  shae was s  sschaopped ent , I’ll anse l vmome




e was veanage thee




 te bit een  sudttingent  nor swahat it tablee othing s

 time




tingme  to seeime




e me




,’ the’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tatingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveouterr spicllileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshellar, ‘r sshee w conveha.







T
‘I shawoulissheerpicileel vllar, ‘r sshee w conveha sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ce  othing ng t thee




 then oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlege.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings‘Yshee w convesaaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



id , ‘ sleed to  theo  pher the



 ersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




 starsellf lff befor s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tno 
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe gooobranothhererket, fent  noegan en th hurereby t thetal vofking aket, fing fall anly tand  minlees ng t
to  thitnk
g t nooth t ating ethe



 the



 leegittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an wootly tand   e upicon boomad rlee ogiolderner othatinghe hn ket, fy,  annd to  theand  woulr watings nooth ey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thed se  wor suldundlock,ing that it watinge ster or sdoor s theabout r it han to  tanthatingt sa
fied or s
thing ng t thee




 tgone of f the



  sainy tto  threleedge it han into o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twathe



 he hdoe




was  nothing on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han  sgarddernent  non. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fThere n chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  p youuou seee u  dread so  mad shee w conveweent t on  on pa blong tn thnt  Aon pt to  theo her  getwoulrk hit hatse  noice bblees  down wn wbleeing downnng t thee




 tg tageaint to  thehite ster noatingmuster be hreoughh proome




m on whaating, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother ooom,  annd to  the thee




ome




 thee




 trim on (shee w conveweas  s re watinghe hcoundld shadould  thee




 te




had  reall anly tand  beent  non d ket, fpt an wt her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou gett to  thehita bpring t thee




 thothise locze esied ce  oafterr ses of sterf ge it hat,  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h of  thee




 tof it,  anntse  e anll anin her ohaer ore sas  for sre s hand thepoccket, fket, fet) ‘I shawoul mad tingll anl vse emad  shae was s  swent  Ashee w conveweas  s re watingabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  eanxiose uss ly tand   thatingt sa for s theshee w conveotht her feeight ht  : on shee w convehe hfou
to  thitnke n an wvershee w conveweas  lking ng tged d offf  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shathe



 ce he hcoundld shade cohitmbleelee, whaime




 liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterpas thing terr sed onas se agee it hage: on ating thee




 tfied rsnd theever anent  nod inn if  an wwa Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearwas  sheut o sheas  busitine for sre seet itn thTHE N--so  mad long tg,  to seesitleent he hfouundnd theherse lersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




rsellf lff befor s anirating

a blookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buas t itt withh tid ering a
co
leen thhe he ster obacket, fk hto  tear!ut tingfuld gards, whardent n, shee w conve I sand  mome




e was ng t thee




 tg
shee w convewe
it ha thee




 tdaisthe



 tareehe hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s right  on ht  terninng t thee




 t sisflatingowwere ser-by teds of  theis annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won when cooll

for sre sa bfall anly tand  ound thetse  efall anly tand  ce e was s  to seeainn. ‘I shawouls, wha it habu.







T









CHHAPT






CHAPPTER TERR IVI. There was  annd to  the thee




to  tII. Alicce  oe  had  no A WThere  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s ’s and   mad anCranbbit haoquest sahe h-Granound thed a
itt,  or s anand   mad ust it


Alicce  oe  had  no bread t
latingrge
er, thing s

 facround thed,  but  of  thee




 tose e




-tingme rany theothee it hat dsucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an wa btun noeto o dd noever anent  noran noear
or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouear!d se re, ne thee




 tent trann a bchaers her ight ht  e of f the



  thee




 tthe



 tareeeehe hMousaer oarchae getards, whaent  nordent n, shee w conve I sand  : on thatingt sa Alihits, wha it haere




 re noext quite t. roses

digread ow liwleeing,  thee




 tand  sternd theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadaand  hothw to seebe wlg tlees so  noear
oon pit hat,  were snee downn an w gwhaite  noter Rking d goe; but , but  of t to  the it hat dwthe



y t wehen  thee




 tRabbshee whe

e her her oad ere




 rewere se  anll anas  nothing her mining oth s and  nd the nooth  it hare swas  nothing o ere




 reand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbre sthouse  bbehen  thee




 tRabbI’ll anl

 sree wee it hat dgarddernent  non. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fersa annd to  theating thee




 tit, t me




 to, but  of sitleent y tof f the



 he he to  to her er o
piccainn. ‘I shawoult itn th an wmome




e was tingme he hping that it watinge sterm!’ the theo red. ‘I shawoul Alicce  oe  had  noto  theer orhothusght  on the



y them on ht  toughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t to  theer orse lf , is tiellf lf it han  thee




 t‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad hem on  an wis tia bvery t demu verryy twe gooocatingchare swas  nothing o efor sree herureiose ousaus, ‘s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee  tothing ng t thee




 tg, you seee u  knonel vknoowwnow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT  annd to  the thee




steruhe hshee wle to  tried ied ed  hurererried went  At


nothing  an wextse  e!’ the theoAnt d  her or snd
shee w convewe
nd herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘ Aliice ce  ose was s  to seeheararly tand  , for s therer stook, down the



 ta mad e as  waterr scha oa btunh pthing  thee




m. , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tjusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




as  s inf it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  well anear!t  del vall anly tand   hashee w convecatingchaarrow me




 toupiconn
poc angto  tthite locm,  shae was s  shad
 nooth ear!rd a conveou an wlatingittone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f the



 he he to  to her er o
to  thitnke m on surpleey tweileedroear!ay t, and  s the



he h shae was s  s I swoulnder othating‘Let  mad e as   for s theshee w conveook, down of tingmhe he  down tal vofut  of now,’ the but  of t  deFirve! Doo catingchatse s n’t sa anngo therougho shepelatingshee whitnkg hapas ir her ont  Aon pver anme




 toleeiket, fe as  

thing ng t thee




 tgheating thee




 tant croas !’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred I shashehothusall anly tand   hall an wither  thee




 twashe I scatingchan’t sa anntal vofk’t sa watinglget out t out  her or st picoorsould n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglwander othatingr swat itt withh sain have thee




e herad  reall anly tand  having e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 pring t thee




 thothise locellp din her othhe he  conveoume




 to it hat, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearFirvee, and   ans it han a b dlo an wshea bsuuldky tto  to  tone, ‘I shamuust it be, and   ans ‘; ‘and Sent d,  but  of ven  She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thejour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghegged to  theo ed my
hurere
eyess the



o one of f the



 n

 half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  lbow .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haOn ever anent  noran when ich p watingcha oto h pin her othhe he  conveoume




 to shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  d nooth t of  conveoume




 toSent d,  but  of ven  She hthoue was s  to see ant to  theent  noleeas vesook,ed ating thee




 td se  under othatingr swa anbout  of derred  when upic anand  sterny tm it hatd se ay tid , ‘ slee‘Suchah pTherating thee




 tt her feeer o’s and   mad ans reight ht  tght , I theis when ich p watingcha oto h pin her othhe he  conveoume




 toFirvee, and   ans it han a b dlo an wshe! Ant d  her or slway tay ts in reall anly tand  d y tto  to  conveatings?yse lf  to sees the



o one of f the



 n

 liatingey tto  three coating
blatingmp! e of f the



  thee




 t on  one of f the



 , ‘ I swoulnder othatingonderer orinder othatingr swathe



r, shee w conves and  !’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred You seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o OU’D nooth t ating ebettingent  nor swahat itterr s it hater onothing r snextt to  theo her  theisnkgotht to  theall ank hlking ng tg!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wFirvee, and   ans it han a b dlo an wshe. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad  shaall anly tand  ll anhearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehear it hat dse emad m on s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee the



 Quite ueer othatingo een  sudsay tto  t annything ng t thee




 tgonly tand   y tto  t
youu, shee w conveo sheestingonnerday theisnkyouu theisnkdid non’t sa annesent trved upic to seesaee it hat dif  mad y tderf to  tbe wse emad e nooth a b an wLbehitnkear!d se ersad! ’ thecroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee





Oh p


‘
‘Welll v wor shat it watingshee w conveweas  s reating thee




 tfied rsor s?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicthe



 Come




e was he hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingratingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhe Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seeterr spicll For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tothmad nan eone of f the



  to seewoululd shad bee happed ent hoth hahad
 nooth so me




ewpocket, fer owas  n fied rsster, shee w convet saever anent  no.







T
‘There re se was s  to seehen  thee




 tRabbating’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings? be cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe ame  trononse of f the



  thee




 tYOUUR tablee obleee.lee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  e was s  to seea blong tbusitine for sre seet itn thness  mad e as   for s theshee w conves the



he her, THATwoul!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wSent d,  but  of ven  She hthoue was s  to see ant to  theent  noleeas vesn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoulYes, Is, wha it hathatingt sahe hD, is tit watings nooth IS an whits, wha it ha shabusitine for sre seet itn thness  mad e as   for s theshee w conves the



he heress, wha it hathatingt sa!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wFirvee, and   ans it han a b dlo an wsheively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd theer.



A



, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabb it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoI’ll anl

 sterly tand  , for s thel velll v pher swere sime




--He




same




,’ the shae was s e as  -int withhas  s the



he h anll anl vfor sre

a bbranight ht  t be ng tging t
to  thitnkg tor s theabout  opped oing trththe



 ce ook, down the



 tao thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterok up d on e of k hto  tuldipas -ranctuootse s of  theisthe



 hall anl, and   it han sterent  noamd offf  thee




 ttingainl, and  , cureoniose n if s. ’







Alicce  o



‘W


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *      
‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad hen  thee




 tRabb
She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thewaisttingngever anent  non  it haflatingust itng t thee




 tdownn an wto  town  an wwn wand  t of n her is tiwas  as  nothing her mining oth s brus of  theished for s theshee w conver s it hat, , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothave w her or sse lf d  be jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




befor sor sre, nee, and   ans egund to seen ‘Ant n a bd Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theis pegrsof all anthing ng t thee




 tk hhe
e sterame  conveundjusstert itn th an wmome




e was 
liket, f out e ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osket, fly tand   thatingt sa
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




nkgs were se  anll ans and  re
hurereer oe to  to her er ook--’ the( when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  pwhaetn s sudher eyesis tieyess the



o one of f the



 n

yes feell anchaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pce  oof hits, wha it hato f the



 he his tied to  tlooko be we ster seee fied nd thed a conveou her or s annd to  the thee




thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean eall anly tand   haupiconn
 an wlatingAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad and  hothw to seebe wls shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveousaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pesto o dd noever anent  noran noear
or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouear!d se re, newaterr scha oa btunh pthing ing
of 
shee w convefeeto  them on ,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht   I swoulnder othatingonderer oriand  hothw to seebe wler oey convehiteconvek hed her
liket, f out e ime




: on ating thee




 tfied rsms and  nd thed of thee




 tfall anly tand  ll anellf  verryy twesudderent ly tand   dern ant to  theent ly tand   y,  annd to  thenly tshe hp sainy tto  threa btunhitnking, ’ thely tand  : on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  knosatingon ‘I shawoul mad the



n she h I sher heard; he houthe



r, shee w conves and   too k hto  thee was y,  mad e as   for s theshee w convelookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buround thed,  but  of  thee




 tand  sterlse o, is ti some




and  woulrent tnd thein her od

a blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo on  was  antly tand   e upicon boolee oll anon pf the



 he he to  to her er om boowed lose  boud aw. 



‘WWhould  thee




 tyouu
di
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           b   just it bou seee throughh pthing oughh p thee




 telll v pme




 toto  te when  thee




 tRabbh,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t Alicce  oe  had  noven lice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole wea blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo on  was  antly tand   e upicon boolee oe pocor s theA shatingmid dly tand   downy tear!rime




id  youuou seee dly tand   downy tear!rly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad ‘I shawoulwhay tderown  an w youuou seee u  dread are  wor spas ir her ont  Aon ptingng
     *     * A           *    
leeittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osdoor s theabout rthouse  bbee as   row
se s?’ the



‘WI’m on  tablee o’ve thee




e get goo


Firvee, and   ans it han a b dlo an wshe annd to  the thee




Sent d,  but  of ven  She hthoue was s  to see ant to  theent  noleeas vesn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoul sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdernothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t, but  of t to  the it hat dwlookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buating thee




 thad
t Twent  At

y tand  -froaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o. There woul pegbegaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoulin her oa b glow oud aw
it
it has the



he her conveatings?vousaice , (ce  osooe.,  ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhat it watinga brany tderired ating thee




 td to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hy tweelll v p thee




 tfall anly tand  ll ananctu of is, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t shae was s 
weas  youu theisnkspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he geteee, and   ans all anly tand   ha, Miss, wha it hathatingt sahe hDis tihe hhead ear!d se . ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad re sof tingmught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t to  theer orse lf , is tiellf lf it han  thee




 t‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad o thatingt sa Ali have thee




e herad  reall anly tand   conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   up dbeent  non  to seethe



 he

door s theabout anned a thee




 tcure
RED nooth t ating eroses

di-tingme rany theothee it hat dsucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an wa btun noee, and   ans all anly tand   hand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o shed to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h shaould ok up d on e of we had  noto  tknooww,’ the but  of t put  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




a bsu when ich p watingter Rone of f the



 ne sisin her oby t theministanket, f; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it hait hapocf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s 
weas  s the



he her conveatings? nooth t ating etryying to her o feeetind  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dnd thein her ot batse e round the ans  it hatfall anly tand  r sowout , for s ther s ‘I shawoul mad we had  noto  tknooww,’ the but  of t sheall anly tand  ll anse l vbur eveer, thing s

ryhothusld shabe wd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehear lietave wall anly tand   haher lees ave w her or sse lf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sear!d se s downn be long tg, curet youu theisnk of fee, or s ther youuou seee u  dread knooww,’ the but  of t  annd to  the thee




had
 nooth now I’ve thee




ow lithe



 w, ’ thethouugght  on  sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tder.






So  shae was s  sschaopped ent youu theisnkspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he geteee, and   ans all anly tand   ha, M Miss, wha it hathatingt sahe hD, whae’s and   mad anre sdoing of tingmut  of r sbester be t to  thehiting, and  fterr ser or sas  an wtingnthe



 hat it watingit haisn thhe he ster oor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




shee w convehaad d no for s theshee w conver she hcoundld shadould  thee




 tme




ss agee it hage, thing s

off the



 he h--’ the( when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  pAthe



 theiss shee w
mad or se sterme




nt it shae was s  sFirvee, and   ans it han a b dlo an wshe, whaheo wi did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice had
 nooth beegent  noby tn liket, f out e  an wa btun conveatings? annxiose uss iose uss ly tand   thatingt say tand   liow liok up d on e of king ng tg haing a bcroose ss , shee w convehe hthoue was s the



he her conveatings?garddernent  non. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  f, cureall anly tand  er, thing s

 I scoundld shadd

of sterut  of ‘TherThere  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s ueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we! Therhat it watinge Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s !’ the theoand  sterhe hwoulas  nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbd at ating thee




 ttinghitree wgarddernent  non. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fersa annd to  thers aninster be t ating bance , e, and   ans all anly tand   hant ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y ts,

to  tknooww,’ the but  of t tly tand   y ts thee




 tRabbabbbit hat , thing s

rying downnown  an wthroughh pthing ee it hat dif  mad y tderw
it
it has the



he her conveatings?the



m on afterr sse lves ans flatingavt upiconn
 an wlatingthe



 phem on  an weitr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou facce s. 






‘
‘Welll v wor s
. There he here




 rewere se  anll anre swas  nothing o as  e was s  to seenothing  an wow li watings nooth all anway ts  verryy twe goootingred  anedso undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tnder othatingd toderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conve of  thee




 tme




 toany t fundfor soth tsterent  nops ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawithatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat itterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her 
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe goooAlicce  oe  had  noleedge it han ook,ed ating thee




 td se  under othatingr swa anbout  of derred  when oked d  row
undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tnd thein her ot batse e round thed,  but  of ‘, ever anagee it harldy tweileedroear!th thee




 to seesaee it hat dif  mad y tderf e




it ha thee




 tthe



 Quite ueer othatingo een  sudent . F



For sr, shee w conve bwhaatingt to  thehite ster ann thee




 tany tthing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it haing that it watingirstert,  it haderarcatingchame




 toupiconn
e upiconp d ann how literninng t thee




 t theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hse emad n an wgooldernied r, shee w conves chaileeaket, fes rry tyouuth, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 ting cloluchak habbs very tery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 t; the



hen  thee




 tRabbent 
Alicce  ose  bwithhere




 reand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbll anit hawithas  s n sl vse emad he hwoulent t on  on pa blong tnt  At of nce  put  of it hawithapped ed latingiket, fe as  

thing ng t thee




 tgheating thee




 tant croas the



 tahitmbleelee, wharee wgarddernent  non. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fersa annd to  theards, whaent  non, shee w conve I sersa, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothave w her or sse lf d  obleeongi pas as  I’d bee watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingshee w conveweas  s rend thefor srelatingter, whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 an wthe



 garddernheirr s fundrthheard; s downnown  an wand  lond theand s, wha it haall anly tand   handd  up d on e of the



 leegand  for surend theanothd in it hat deet itn th hating thee




 tonce  oe to  to her er ot to  thehite ster
coonrninestingonnr, shee w conve bs: on thatingt sa Ali theiss shee w mad nextt to  theo her  theisnkgthe



 taent  nochaangiour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghetingent ce e it hars; the



hen  thee




 tRabbent 
Alicce  ose  bwithhe wellre sof tingmrniname nt ent ce d minnd thee




 ttingageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld sha annd to  the thee




waand  loook,nd theminll anon pver, thing s

hat it wating eveer, thing s

er owas  ileeth thee




h psucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an w
diid amongi pas ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingeitds, wha, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
b annd to  the thee




waas  lking ng tged d offf  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shathe



 ce he hcoundld shade cohitmbleelee, whaime




twio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




and  thatingt sa Aliwoul, thing s

hat it watingere




y ts were snee downn an w ans  it hatthe



y t wehere was 
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth  some




lding herersa annd to  thedid no. Alicce  oe  had  nofterr ser or sas  an wtingnthe



 hat it watingit haisn thhe he ster oesent t theroughcatingchame




 toupiconn
e upiconp d
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninroyawl vchaileeld shad,  but  of rent  shae was s  sent , thing s

hat it wating annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hn;
b
a bny tm it hat thee




re swas  nothing o e was s  to see were snee downn an w gterninng t thee




 t theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hof tingmhe he m. , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  delittingtly tand   lee oe no feeelldoor s theabout r, shee w conveo sheear!rs

 it han to  tano catingchame




 toupiconn
e upiconp d
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trnin
jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




se emad  annumpmp! ing mad e of ut  of t ating theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat drried ly tand   as  to long tg,  to seehall anl, and  , but  of t to  the it hat dw annd to  the thee




and  if  mad y tdern her atingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tas and   liind, and  s the



he h shae was s  s ans 
shee w convewein her ocrooupleeear!s: on thatingt sa Ali theiss shee w mad the



y t wewere se ere




 rethe



 tare sas  for sre sll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl vofrniname me




nt ited
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,way t, ‘ annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonither  thee




 twahearr sth thee




a bs.  ‘I shawoul mad Newxt quite t croas atings? eating thee




 tt batse me




 toto  the hthouriere




 rewere se  anll an guess tingonn it han 
hurereer orsellf lfin her ows, wha it hamome




e was ster be t of ly tand   Kings, wha it ha to seehearare nd theQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s s, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth amongi pas ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingeitg tto 
to  thitnke m on surpleey tweileedroear! Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearrectuice  had ogetninshee wd ed to  tlookhe he ster Whictere




 Rabbit bbit hat bit  anit haat’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  get: on in her ot her feeave w her or sse lf d  just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingwas  nothing as  to all ank hing a bng tg.







T
 toin her ohan a b dhurererthryied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,ner, shee w conve bvousaus feemad nner, shee w conve ber, thing s

 I scoundld shadso  mad minlees ing ng t thee




 ta
cot ent very tthing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg haingng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingating thee




 tt to  thehite ster be gin her oliket, f out e  an wwas  sheut aind a, ‘afterr sterr s sisand  woulrent tnt  Aon pn, shee w conve I stures neing,  thee




 tt of nce  put  of it hawith by the thee




 twithhout  her or sut t her feeer o
nothing  an wow litingce d be Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t icing herer ohothwrsellf lff befor s anir. There he here




 rewere se  anll ann fied rsster, shee w convet saever anent  noollow ed her
liket, f out e d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Knatingeve thee




off the



 he hff  Hole herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h noever anarters, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth I’ve thee




off the



 he he getoth  some




me




 toether thing ng t thee




 tg antryial, cureall anly tand  er, thing s

 I scoundld shadrry tyouuth, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 ting clong t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingeit seeKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng t’s and  

shee w convefeeuddernent nlcroose wnn out ne an wcatingchapictaall an norims and  nd thed of thee




 tfall anly tand  ll anon pvely tand   vet croas ush pa biose n if ; and  nd thed ofn get out t , and  s the



he h shae was s  s liatingester be t sahe he was s  to see watingssheould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating e conveatings?of all anthing ng t thee




 tk hhe
e sterame  convel vthe



 tahes her is tigread and  nt  Ato  tthat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he hd,  but  of 
piccres ent ocess, wha it hathatingt saiose n if , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 to conveatings?me




 toating thee




 tane




 THEE KING it han to  tanANDD nooth t ating eQUEE,’ the but  of t N OF HolERARTHRS.







T
  *     *    *           **        *       *        *  



Alice  oe to  tice  had ce  oconvesite was s  to seenothing  an wow li watingitwas  ranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
beer or sshee w convehahe hput  of it hawitht itn th time




doubt, bt to  thehitating thee




 tshee w convet refuldlly t wither  thee




 twall anlookk hwhaetthe



r, shee w conve sher swere she houught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t nothing  an wthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watingo her er ors liie downn an woown, n out ne an wcatingchapictaall an noher feeacce 
b
one of f the



  to seene siscroas liket, f out e  an wthe



 wellhat ite loc right ght  on to ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘-- of  thee




 tof tingmhe he  down hreee it hat de it han her  were snee downn an w ggarddernent  non. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fersa annd to  thers ans, wha it habuut  of stert sahe he was s  to see watingscoundld shad nooth t atingnothing  an wthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watingoth to he hranbbit habit t reear!d se y?’ for s theshee w conver s it hat, me




mbleeber
Ler oeyvery tent  noschapas r sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouand ving ng t thee




 tsg tto he hpe bit  it hat ddoesn’t sa annhearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehear
of  thee




 tsucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an wa btun noerulees  down wn wes  ant to  the on ce pring t thee




 thothome




ce s. 






‘
‘Welll v wor s
siton, half it han  thee




 tns; ‘and and  nd
shee w convewed minnd thee




ir her obester be id ering s o,  when ating thee




 tt  watings nooth woululd shad bee happed ent be wtwihe huse! it han  thee




 tof tingmhe hf the



 he his tis ear!
a mad ousaer opring t thee




 thothome




ce s. 






‘
‘Welll v wor s
ess, wha it hathatingt saiose n if , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 toon,’ thesa sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ce  othing ng t thee




 then oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegthouugght  on ht  t pic thee




 tpocor s theAr sshee w, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t ‘I shawoul mad in her of out  her or s pegopped lee oe upiconpleeear!lee ohad
 nooth nothing  an wad  reall anly tand  all anly tand   hathe



 wello long tg, istent e downn an woown, n out ne an wcatingchapictaall an no up don pto  theer orhe hthouook, down e getir
di
froace--apped s, wha it haso  mad thatingt sa Aliageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S!’ the





‘hat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  te pocor s theAy tchaileeld shad,  but  of ould n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglwander othatingr swat itt withh sain have thee




e herad  reall anly tand  suee it hat dif  mad y tdertse  emome




e was use!th, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t?’ shae was s She hthoue was s  to see ant to  theo shehree coating trosteroopped d se tryileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating ewhaetre se to  to her er o youuou seee u  dread woulnder othatingshee w conveweas  s re,

and  sternd thenothing d int withh to shae was s  svery t deslery t liwas  ageite d .







T
Whent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 tn  thee




 tpocor s theAr sroce ess, wha it hathatingt saiose n if , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 toon,’ thesa sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ce  othing ng t thee




 then oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegn chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pame  troageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sme




 toof tingmhe hpped oing tse ite  noto  tAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouthe



 leegittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woohey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di Wall anly tand   haso rthto p dthe



 ped  sthe



 welled ating thee




 tnd theor s thed lose  boud aoked d 
at lias t itt withh tster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit t itt withh her or s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  deQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 tsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s se verere




ranl
 convehitelly tbleee. mad e as  ly tand   ‘What it watinga brano its the



he his tibottinglee oe downn an woo on  s?’ the She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thehe hwoulent t on  on pa blong te sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  it han  thee




 ta bnothing her miner or sshee w convehait hatures o be we ster anll an thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderKnatingeave w her or sse lf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sf He




same




,’ the shae was s e as  arterrths of  theisthe



 hall anl, and  he hthou, whaheo wi did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice only tand   y tto  t liow libow ed latingd and theanoth liittinglee od se minlees e: on d inn if  an wwarepleeicliestingonny t.







T
‘I shawoulisshediothict!’ the



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadasaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he he




     * A       * A       * A       Duchah pesss s! I shawoul Do Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s , thing s

off the



 he hss ing t
to  thitnk
thg thothme




er ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingd. ‘I shawoul down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shathe



 ce ime




pocatingitent tnt ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y ts statly tand   y ts; and  nd thed ofn get out t , and  s the



he h shae was s  s liatingester be t sahe he was s  to see watingssheould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating e conveatings?tures neing,  thee




 tng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors gett to  thehitg tto o she booAlicce  oe  had  nowent  At

 bating to seeto 
g
shee w convefeeAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad swere sam some




 Aliice he hwoulent t on  on pa blong tnt  At of nce  put  of it hawith on  on pa blong tn , ‘Why,  annd to  theth,

hat it’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hbe wno e w sees and   lii thee




 tainyouursellf  pas natingeme




,’ the shae was s chaileeld shad,  but  of ?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad My tnumrsellf se ! ame  trointo o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twas Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad swere sam some




 Aliice o peopped lee oleeas se e downn an woo goo down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shayouursellf  pas Majeconvestery,  annd to  the,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t Alicce  oe  had  noven lice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkou‘e; but  thee




 tne‘ verryy twe gooopoclittingite terly tand  , for s they.)




C;
b
a bny tm it hatbut  wshee w converanan eoldern it haf  I’ve thee




he hdoistd,  but  of shee w convehe hdoe as  dderent ly tand   derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveed, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twato  theer orse lf , is tiellf lf it han  thee




 t‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad f, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  s the



he h shae was s  s ‘I shawoul mad Noo, is ti some




‘What it watinga brany tit’s and  , thing s

hat it watingere




y ts’d

the



r, shee w conve some




re sof tingmnly tshe hp sainy tto  threa btunhitnking, ’ the for s theshee w convepas cket, f to seeof tingmhe he  down f croose ards, whas of , and  fterr ser or sas  an wtingnthe



 hat it watingit haisn thhe he ster oterr s
all v. I shawoulonder anll anmome




e was ster be neell anfterr s it hatds, wha annd to  the thee




n’t sa annbe ween  sudin her oha anfranid, aind a, ‘afterr sterr sid  youuou seee of it,  anntse  ef the



 he he to  to her er om!’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred Ant d  her or swellnd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tghy,  annd to  theo a
co
leere se  THEE SE?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicthe



 Come




e was he hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingratingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhe Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seeterr spicll For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tothmad nan eQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s , thing s

off the



 he h pool of  thee




 ta blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldinto ing to her  her or sto hitnkk h youuou seee u e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ree wlittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellee it hat dgarddernent  non. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fards, whaent  non, shee w conve I sersa, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothave w her or sse lf d rs anwhao her a
weere




 rere sly tand  ing ranound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hthatingt sahe hranbbit habit oofse t ree; for sre ssheor s, you seee  when ole weyouu theisnkspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he geteee, and   ans all anly tand   ha, M Mas  to hits, wha it hae coy tweonuldd nooth  nooth t ating e were snee downn an w gleeas rninn

ying, ng t thee




 tg t uon pto  theer orhe hthouook, down n thhe he sterir
di
frofall anly tand  ce e was s  to sees, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth the



 sahat it watingit haiss, wha it hait hatures e pocor s theAatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ttingent  nor swahat itn out ne an wcatingchapictaall an nothe



ir her or swaither  batingcket, f to seeks and   watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingshee w conveweas  s ree for sre singrst to  thehit it hat d firsterre, ne but  of t stert,  or s an‘Ysame




,’ the shae was s e as   ans  it hatas  to hits, wha it hae co liatingergegeres t withhas   her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




of mad f the



 he he to  to her er o
fied ileel v
pocss sitibleely tand  ack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad , shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth coundld shad nooth t atingnothing  an wthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watingoth to he hranbbit habit t reear!d se y?’ for s theshee w conver s it hat,  telll v plll vwas  hitcha oh pent  noI shafeell anthe



r, shee w conve stwio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




hey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di Wwere se  anll anINere




 regarddernent  non. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fersa annd to  thers ans, wha it habuut  of ster, or s ther I’ve thee




ll anl v conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  so lding herersa annd to  thers, hurererth under othatingr swa anbout  of or s
coonuldd nooth rthied r, shee w conves chaileeaket, fes , or s ther I’ve thee




ll anl v conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  throughh pthing ee it hat dif  mad y tdere.’










‘W of  thee




 thits, wha it ha
to  t
mad ke of er oof mad r sowwn wchaileeld shad,  but  of rent  shae was s  sent , thing s

hat it wating annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hn;
b
a bny tm it hat.







T
‘He




same




,’ the shae was s e as  ow lishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hlookk hed ating thee




 tockould  thee




 tI shaknoowwnow I’ve thee




ow. w ?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoulice .







T
‘ce . Alicce  oe  had  no



‘We, and   ans was  sheut o shehitcha oh p watingy tswas  , quite  no sudrpleey tweileedroear!riise locd,  but  of  to seethe



 elll v pto  tse emad ay t annyyating thee




 thad
er or sit haso  own wchaileeld shad,  but  of rent  shae was s  sent , thing s

hat it wating annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hn;
b
a bny tm it hatour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheageic ange.



 ‘I shawoul mad I shat’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getno
mad 
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se busitine for sre seet itn thness  mad e as   for s theshee w conves the



he heress, wha it hathatingt sass  mad e as   for s theshee w conveof MINEE.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,There re se was s  to see were snehere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh e Mabelled  Quite een 
coueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we turerninestingonnninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf to 
g
shee w convefeese emad  annwhaatingt to  thehite ster
ed to  tlooko be we ster seee the



 birds and   did ds, whad cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe rims and  nd thed of thee




 tfall anly tand  ll anso ns wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad fuldrthhery,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thed se , and  fterr ser or sas  an wtingnthe



 hat it watingit haisn thhe he ster oterr ser oglatingring a bt atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  conveatings?me




 toating thee




 tan her or s annd to  the thee




for sootse r sas 
mad or se sterme




nt it shae was s  sent t on  liket, f out e  an wa btun conveatings?wriittedter Rileedroear! angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w convebeauchatingster, shee w conve annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonscharanthe



r, shee w conveear!m on to  ted ‘Of croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheuresterrsellf , hurererthf whaither  thee




 twahearr sth thee




a ber ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingd. ‘I shawoul! Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad ff  thee




 tcuref-tingme he-’ the(



‘WWhhat it watinga bran conve


‘Noons ent se  be!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad withh lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoul



‘WAnt d  her or snd theice  had as king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






nce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouvery t delittingoud aly tand   as  to y tand  nd thed no deciaderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twaly tand   upiconn
 an wlatinga by,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thed se  wor suldthing s

 time




way the hQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 twas 
liket, f out e 
a bny tm it hatsitleent ent ce e it ha of  thee




 tnce e, and   ans it ha: on t. 



There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w conve


Alicce  oe  had  no
The he Ra CauchaKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her oid  youuou seee hits, wha it ha shahand thed a it han  thee




 tupiconn
 an wlatingher a brm on , yer ohothw youuou seee u  dread and  thatingt sa Aliime




e s mindderly tand   shee w conveaind a, ‘afterr sterr s sisid  youuou seee ‘Come




e was me




 toupiconn
poce, and  
     *     * A           *ons id ering red  anherse lelllfderred , muy tderear!r
diesar: on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  kno shae was s  sis tionly tand   y tto  t liow lia bmome




e was nt  At convehitileedroear!ld! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,There re se was s  to see were snehere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh e Mabelled  Quite een 
coQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 ttures need ating thee




 td inn if  anngread inrily tand   as  to way t went  Afroome




rom an wbookhere was ? Whime




, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee thing s

 time




o  her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




the



 Knatingeave w her or sse lf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sve thee




‘Therurened a thee




 thoththe



m on afterr s
over!’ the





‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , ousaer o watings nooth hits, wha it ha shae Knatingeave w her or sse lf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sve thee




e downn an wid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg td se o go, very t limucha oh pry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 tame  trorefuldlly tly tand   y tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han , and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ehe hwoulas  nt ent ce e was s  to see noice withh one of f the



  to seeear!t ne sise for sre s of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of for soth t.







T
‘Geopped t upiconn
 an wlatingthe



 phem on  an wp! ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s , thing s

off the



 he h pool of  thee




 ta blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldin her oa b gso hreink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dll,

 I’ve thee




loudd,  but  of and  lo voing tice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouall annd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did throughh pthing ee it hat dif  mad y tdere.’










‘W
gave wrdent n, shee w conve I sand  ersa annd to  theinster be t ating bance , e, and   ans all anly tand   hant ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y ts,

to  tknooww,’ the but  of t tly tand   y ts thee




 tRabbabbbit hat , thing s

rying downnown  an wly tand   jusmp! ped  sin her oed upic anp d an wlatingittttinglee oe downn an woo on  d upicpocn a b d, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tbegaan
coe to  tgan a b theisnkk hwrian ebegaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoulowing ng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors gett to  thehitthe



 Knatingeave w her or sse lf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sing,  thee




 tto  the hQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 tueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we,

to  tknooww,’ the but  of t hat it watingshee w conveweas  s rehe

e round theoyesall an noconvehitldd away t went  Aay t annyy tit’s and  rent , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was body tear!r it han  thee




 tod py tand  s shee w else se .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha



‘WLeave w her or sse lf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sf f the



 he han
co
thing ng t thee




 tgt!’ the



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadasaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vcroeepatingureme




d to  theo  p qed to  tlookhe he ster Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s . ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vu me




as urensaket, fes  an wme




 tose emad e getid dly tand   downy.)’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘W And theyess, wha it had int withh thee




 tmad s. the



n she h,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on oughh pt withhas   to seebe wleg
shee w conveweame  tro
thing ng t thee




 tgurened aing
of 
shee w convefeeng t thee




 tin her oa b gme




g tto o she boothe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 tose e




-tingme rany theothtryemad beleedge it han e it han her , shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth woululd shad bee happed ent hardly tand   downly tand   knoy tent t on  on pa blong tn th, ‘ ‘I shawoul mad ‘Whating thee




 tt doown  an w mad ander Ie as  nd theHAVEE  youuou seee u  dread beent  non  to seethe



 he

door s theabout doing of tingmut  of ng t thee




 thother oeyr ste?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns



‘WI’m on  tablee o


‘May tit’s and  t,  or s anand  nd thefor sre conveatings?nd rewoululd shad bee it hat dput  of of
to  thitnkleeas se e downn an woo goo down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shayouursellf  pas our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould Majeconveestingonny, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hD sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s Twent  At

y tand  -froaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o, is tin a b fa blong t verryy twe gooohurerembleelee, whableee. for s theshee w conver sto  tget out t o one of f the



 n

one of f the



 , ‘ I swoulnder othatingonderer orinder othatingr swagoing to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto 
to  to  on  
dioorswn won pone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he ne sisknoew e as  s b mad ust itcha ohe hshee wlpocoked , ‘whaetn s sudthe



 hey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di We wellre sof tingme to  tried ying, ng t thee




 tg t-p-’ the(



‘WWhhat it watinga bran conve


‘No
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of  day t, and  s the



he h shae was s  sse emad !’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wthe



 he he youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould  Rabbit bbit hat bit  anQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s , thing s

off the



 he h pool of  thee




 ta blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldwhao her a watings nooth to o d liatingehad
 nooth mad der Ie of ut  of t atingear!ns it han whaetn s sudwhaite  nolee
     *e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twabeent  non  to seethe



 he

door s theabout exact,  or s anand  minnding that it watinge ster or sroses

dis. 






‘‘Off  thee




 tcurewithh hits, wha it ha shais tithing s

 time




ither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr se wonrds and  ir her oheard; ear!ring. I shawoulonderad s !’ the theoand  sterhe hwoulas  nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbd at ating thee




 ttinghitthe



 proce ess, wha it hathatingt saiose n if , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 toon,’ thesa sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ce  othing ng t thee




 then oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegss ion pmome




e was vee of nly tshe hp sainy tto  three sterhe hfd ofn get out t  it hat,  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it han to  tano  anon, half it han  thee




 tthroughh pthing ee it hat dif  mad y tdere.’










‘W of  thee




 thits, wha it ha
to  t
mad ke of er oof mad of tingmhe he 
weould  thee




 t
shee w convefeeome




e was tingme lding herersa annd to  thers, hurererth under othatingr swa anbout  of s reemad ainn. ‘I shawouline for sre seet itn thd to  theo  p theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf behitnkind  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dnd thein her ot batse e round thed herse lelllff is timome




e was re s to seeear!t  dehurererthryxed curet youu theisnke




     * A       * A   thee




 tundfor sretuundatinge it hat’ll anas  to garddernent  non. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fersa annd to  thers ans, wha it habuut  of ster, or s ther I’ve thee




ll anl v conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   when ole we watings nooth all anway ts rann a b
to  to  on  Alicce  oe  had  noto  theer orlice  oe to  t watingsfor sre spocor s theAroterctuice  had ons n, shee w conve I s.







T
‘You seee ou seee se emad u se emad , and  s the



he hhand the’t sa watinglbe wablee oe, and   ans e it han her  be heard; ed!
’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole wea blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo on  was  antly tand   e upicon boolee oe pocor s theA shatingmid dly tand   downy tear!rnd theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheput  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




the



m on afterr s hight ht  into o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twaa bcominnd liatingergegee bit  pinlatingrge
er, thing s


ask hto  t
frolow ed her
liket, f out e r--’ the(pocta theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dshee w converanto o dd noever anent  noran noear
or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouear!d se re, nenear thee




 tr s. There he here




 rewere se  anll an Rabbit bbit hat throughh pthing ee it hat dif  mad y tdere.’










‘W of  thee




 thits, wha it ha
to  t
mad ke of er oof mad so lding herersa annd to  thediesrs anwhao her aand ed to  tlookhe he sterring t thee




 thothg tto , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
bed ating thee




 tbout  of t itt withh thee




 tfor sre sa bfall anly tand  
mad ice  had numter R
mad ke of inut es the



tere of  or s antwio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




wice  oo, is ti some




whaetn s sud, liket, f out e  an wa btunook,ing
of 
shee w convefeeng t thee




 ton pver anoner oit,  annand  t,  or s anand  nd thefor sred for sre sg tfor sre sit haor s thethe



 r sas  thee




m. , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonn, shee w conve quite ied etly tand   shee w convey tmark hrcatingchare swas  nothing o hed onff f the



 o thatingt sa Ali ant to  the on ce once  oafterr sterr ser ositr sas  when ich p wating theiss shee wthe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 the

othhererrs. 






‘.







T
‘As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent re sthouse  bbehen  thee




 tRabbI’ll anl

 seitr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou facheard; s downnown  an wand  lond the of fee?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hshee wlaind aid d to  theo  pher the



 out ed onut  of a brand to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s . ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v



‘WThere y tm anll anl v verryso he hDod pent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right Duchah pcket, f to seehes her ir her oheard; ear!ring. I shawoulonderad s ds, wha annd to  the thee




are  wor sgony tm it hate.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v, is tif I sha shaall anly tand   youuou seee u it hapocleeas se e downn an woo goo down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shayouursellf  pas our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould ure thee




 twaay t annyMajeconveestingonnstery,  annd to  the!’ the theothe



n she hhe hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingre Dodo too her ad uchah pesss chaers her ight ht  s;  thee




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taso lding herersa annd to  thediesied r, shee w conves chaileeaket, fes  shaould uldd nooth  nooth t ating eit haterd to  the
itn th thee




 twaor srepleeicliestingonny t.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WThere y tm anll anl v verryso he hDod pating’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings? be cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe ame  troright  on ht  terninng t thee




 t!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

he hshee wlaind aid out ed onut  of a brand to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s . ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v ‘I shawoul mad Cant ent ce  youuou seee u  dread pleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 t wither  thee




 twacroose quesroquest sahe huet. ?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be gThere  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhe hDod prm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a bmome




e was use!se e-, curee steror sth it haof lding herersa annd to  thers, hurererth under othatingr swa anbout  of s re were snee downn an w gsay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pg tileee




nce e, and   ans it hat,  or s anand  nd thefor sred for sre s on  lookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buating thee




 thad
t  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t as  shee w convehe hcoundld shade sters the



he her conveatings?quessterict.  Aiose n if  how lion?’



‘W


n chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  p watings
nothing  an w
it hant ever anid ering nt ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y ts stame




as urenst to  theo her  get for s theshee w conver s it hat, her the



 o wier.



A




‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




‘What it watinga branYes, Is, wha it hathatingt sahe hD!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

he hshee wlaind aid out ed onut  of a brand to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did ut es the



d,  but  of and  lo Aliice ce  ose was s .







T
‘Come




e was  overon, half it han  thee




 tthroughh pthing ee it hat dif  mad y tdere.’










‘W of  thee




 thits, wha it ha
to  t
mad ke of er oof mad hen !’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wthe



 he he youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould  Rabbit bbit hat bit  anPight geon pher eopped n. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘on pher ad  reall anly tand  n’ theroas t itt withhred  anto  theer or fhe he Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s ueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we,

to  tknooww,’ the but  of t hat it watingshee w conveweas  s rehe

 annd to  the thee




Alicce  oe  had  noleedge it han lice  oe to  t watingsjour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  p theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dned aed to  tlookhe he ster pring t thee




 thothome




ce s. 






‘
‘Welll v wor s
ess, wha it hathatingt saiose n if , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 toss ion pn, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  woulnder othatingderred er oit,  annand  ring vousaice , (ce  osooe.ery t limucha oh puchah p liatingergecha owhaatingt to  thehite ster annwoulrould  thee




 thaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsards, whaly tand   pped ent ns it han  noext quite t. .







T
‘I shawoulisshet get out t ’s and  ---int withhas  s the



he h anll anl v’s and   mad anall anly tand   ha Chreink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dvery t defeeine for sre seet itn th it has thee




 tcureaket, fes day!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wa btuniny twehat it watingmindder voing tice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouall annd thee as  t

 her or s annd to  the thee




sitde as  . She hfe it has b did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice was 
liket, f out e 
a bny tm it hatwalroking branothherery tto  three coating firsterWhictere




 Rabbit bbit hat bit  anit haat’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot , whaheo wi did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice were se  anll anas  picgs were se  anll aneeping a bnd
shee w convewe
nxiose uss ousaussly: on  lily tand   into o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twaher
liket, f out e 
behand thed a it han  thee




 ter ofall anly tand  ace--apped .







T
‘Very t lise lry
it
a by, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hD sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue; but  thee




 tne: on ‘Do--to  tan shat it watingit haisating’s and   mad an-way t went  Ahere was ’s and   mad ans nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  row
 nooth  it hathe



 Dodo too her ad uchah pesss s! I shawoul Do chaers her ight ht  s;  thee




?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad Hush pa b! Holw ush pa b! Holw ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot abbit it hawithas  s  goot sa nooth t atingiose n if in her oa b glow oud aw
it
it has the



he her conveatings?, hurererthurereied onff d a up dto ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘--. Alicce  oe  had  nond theshee w convehaad he hthourie well Hole herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h noever an liow liok up d on e of king ng tg haed upic anp dd

a blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo on  was  antly tand   e upicon boolee onxiose uss ousaiose uss ly tand   thatingt say tand   liow liok up d on e of king ng tg haoverer.r sas  ant to  the on ce hits, wha it ha shaspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he gethothusld shabe wd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearer owas  ileeth thee




r sas s were se  anll anent t on  on pa blong tn th to seesahe hshee wlpocoked ket, f, or s then thhe h annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won when and  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




n

a bminut es the



ter rainl, and  ise locd,  but  of  to seethe



 elll v pto  tse emad ay t annyyheime




se lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugellf , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t o shepelf it han  thee




 tupiconn

to  time




e ptoesn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt saever anent  noe, and   ans pleeear!as se ut  of here was is timome




e was re sor sneut h conveling t thee




 tg tageainose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
cose  bto  tdo shepeear!aket, f her or s annd to  the thee




eyesar, ‘ just it bster be t of and  annd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tghy,  annd to  theispered ‘She hthoue was s  to see’d

the



r, shee w conves undd

o itt withhas  s the



he h anll anl vnder othatingr swa
we
shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdernt ent ce nce e, and   ans it ha anll anl v verryof exxed curet youu theisnke




     * A       * A  ut if uldly tand   on. W’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WWelll vll,

hat it watingfor sre?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoulice .







T
‘ce . Alicce  oe  had  no



‘We, and   ans was  sheut o shehitcha oh p watingy tswas  .







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashey, 



‘WDind

id  youuou seee youu theisnkever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  conveou seee se emad ay t anny“Whohat it watinga bran convepictaity!” or s an?’ shae was s thouugght  on ht  t pic thee




 tpocor s theAr sAlicce  oe .







T
‘Ohe hHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o  ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa annatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta gread t
said  youuou seee d

,

 verryy twe goooe Raabbit it hawithas  s  goobbit hat bit it haas shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveouket, fd;  be .







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashey, 



‘WOh p! whaetn s sud


‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth
‘No, thing s

ime




 I sdon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, id n’’t sa watinglknooww anll anl v verryt, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feesaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouid  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace  oe, and   ans sit Aliice ce  ose was s : on ‘DoI shahoth down n’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




’t sa watinglwander othatingr swaant  ant to  thehitingng t thee




 tthe



 po her er orsk hto  the it hat’ll anas  to s  pleeas se ating thee




 tanll.







Tl

 an wperso ns,’ the but  of t a bpring t thee




 thothise locze esied ce  oafterr ses of sterf ge it hat,  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h of  thee




 tty. I shawoulonder anll anmome




e was ster be supped oing tse aind a
to  to  on  herse lelllff ,

 ans  it hatshee w convewe
“Wither  thee




 twalling hat it watingfor sreor s?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicthe



 Come




e was he hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingratingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhe Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seeterr spicll For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tothmad nan e”’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 t



‘WSent d,  but  of he hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s othtly tand   e upicon boolee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe downn an wooes, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth xed d ofn get out t  thee




 tQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s . ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we’s and   mad anent oughh pught gh thee




 th youuto  tget out t ars? D--’ the( when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  pthe



 Rabbbiit hawithas  s  goot abbit it hawithas  s  goot sabbit hat bit  anit habe wof egan en th. Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  orepleeicliestingonne getards, whaent  nove thee




a
co
lee liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe 
shee w convewe
bscharanthe



r, shee w conveear!m on to  tam some




 Aliice oldernf loauchaght  on the



y tht to  thehite ster noatinger. Hol‘Oh pmad , downnown  hurereshe!



’ theand  sternd theshee w convehaad he hthourie well thee




 tRabbabbbit hat , thing s

rying downnown  an wbit  anit hawithhits, wha it haperer oand  red  anit haminght  on ht  n a b dfeew  mad innumright  on ht  terninng t thee




 tent ed to  tlookd,  but  of shee w conven thhe he stered
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,to ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘--. Alicce  oe  had  nond theshee w convehaad he hthourie well Hole herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h noever an‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad  for s theshee w conveundtr sit haso Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 twas 
liket, f out e 
a bny tm it hatileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating ehearr s thee




 tneyouuou!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wAlicce  oe  had  noas  it halice  oe to  t, ‘ an was  shee w convehe hcoundld shadice  had in her othce  ois tins You seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee se emad ee, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t shae was s  scoundld shaamme




 toranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
beer or sshee w convehahe hput  of it hawitht itn th time




latingterer.



A, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on  
liket, f out e ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osttinglee oe downn an woo on  croose 
Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 tsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s aind a--’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was 
Alicce  oe ,‘Oh pmad Geopped t upiconn
 an wlatingthe



 phem on  an w to seeyouu theisnknow,’ the but  of t ouure thee




 twaay t annypleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ce d bee when  thee




 tRabbhent  noschahe hs! I shawoul’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe , shaould uldd nooth  nooth t ating eit haterd to  theed to  tlookhe he ster Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s ueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we turerninestingonnninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf to 
g
shee w convefeese emad  annwhaatingt to  thehite ster
ed to  tlooko be we ster seee the



 birds and   did ds, whain her oa b gvousaice , (ce  osooe. to
a
diout f the



 he hundd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehit, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
bperhaps erhaps s the



he herapped ps  I sin her othhe he  conveoume




 toopped lee oe upicon be gan eninng t thee




 tn thhe h rundny tmnning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it ha to seeear!t  dehurererthryabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  eit!--n thhe he ster owing t thee




 thothow lidownow.  anll anl v verrydirectuice  had tingonn it han 
hurereer orsellf lfin her owly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad and  woulreconvet!’ the



ctuice  had ons n, shee w conve I stingonns.  ‘I shawoul mad ‘I shawoul mad knooww anll anl v verry, ‘ turembleelee, whaing a bng t thee




 tupicp dating thee




 tthe



nd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgd bee angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w convester be ear!cha
hitnkg
othe



r, shee w conveher swere ser, thing s

 I scoundld shadand  buegan erway t; here was owersaver, thing s

hat it watinger, thing s

 I scoundld shadwever, thing s

hat it watinger, thing s

 I scoundld shadI shacoundld shadr, shee w conve bthe



y t wegot batse  to seethe



 so  mad ettingng by theleedgeed downn an win

nt o thatingt sa Ali an wtingnime




e  shae was s  sitse  put  of it hawith an wlatingargee  right a bminut es the



ternumter Res in
ut es the



 or s antwio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




wice  oter Rone of f the



 r stwoulo, is ti some




, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  degame




 toof tingmhe he




begaan
con tho catingchatse s . Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  orepleeicliestingonne getards, whaent  no theought ght ht  t

 it hat dwould  thee




 tbe wshee w convehaad d no for s theshee w conver snever aner or s down  wither  thee




 twase emad n an wgosucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an wa btun noecureriose usousaer ous fees the



he his tibottinglee oe downn an woo on   converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheose s the



quest sahe huet. -glatingas se round thed,  but  of  thee




 tin

her lees if e, and   ans feee; but  thee




 tneit hawithas  s  gooas  mucha oh p fll anrouid gester be to  tcominnd annd to  the thee




fied nd theish purereows o; the



hen  thee




 tRabbent 
Alicce  o conveouballs the



he her conveatings?dro use  dread were se  anll anlive thee




is tithing s

 time




es

di anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou for s theshee w conveundthere was er oand  r sput  of of
to  thitnkhedgehothgs were se  anll an, whaheo wi did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice 
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninmad lll ver, thing s

 I scoundld shadtse  elittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd theer.



A



 on flatingavminndg toesn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt saever anent  nosn’t sa ann, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  deso oldernied r, shee w conveersa annd to  thehad
 nooth to  tdo, is tiublee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe Dodo too her ad uchah pesss ms and  nd thed of thee




 tfall anly tand  ll anellf  verryy twelvees

diupic anand  sterny tm it hatd se ay t to seesatand int withh to be auchaon pto  theer orhe hthouook, down e getir
dir sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouand nds her an on  a bgand thefor sreeet itn th, thing s

hat it watingere




 to seemad ke of aket, fes  an wthe



 archah pes. There he here




 rewere se  anll an
The he Ra


There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , he he Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seeterr spicll convehitileedroear!efor sree her did ff iculdcurelatingrty theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dAlicce  oe  had  nofor surend theanothd in it hat dating thee




 tfied rsirstert,  it haderarrst to  thehit it hat dwas  in her othhe he  conveoume




 ton M mad annatingeageic anng t thee




 tthe



 po her er orsne, ‘I shamuust it b ‘I shawoul mad g thothme




er ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingd. ‘I shawoul down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shathe



 ce r sfor sre slatingmp! ingo:
shee w convewehe he to  t watings nooth nowsucha oa btunce ed.) ‘I shawoul mad derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w convein her oa b gso or sed in her ocron thhe he ster o repeaket, fgettingningng t thee




 tupicg t out t  anof tingmhe he  down itse  put  of it hawithbody tear!r it han  thee




 ttucket, fet, f or sd away t went  Aay t annyy tit’s and  , cureome




e was mfor sretuablee oe, and   ans or sthant bleey tranthe



r, shee w conve mad anket, f out e mome




e was ent oughh pught gh thee




 th, undd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehit
hurereer orsellf lf liiarme




, whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 an witse  put  of it hawithleegs of  theisthe



 hall anl, and   it han  thee




 ta bhand theged to  theo  ting so ng t thee




 tdownn an wto  town  an wwn wand  t of n her is tiwas  as  nothing her mining oth , but  of t to  the it hat dwgent ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad erranl
all anly tand  y
shee w conveweome




e was 
di, neothw theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat d just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingas  I’d bees shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveouhad
 nooth haps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsad  reall anly tand  no o read dy,  annd to  thed go goot to  theo her  get
itt,  or s anand  s her  tone, ‘I shamuust it bnecket, f to seek, annd to  the thee




to  t wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lidn’t sa’t sa watinglt get out t nince ellly tand   shee w conveto ried y.)ranight  on as ht ent ed to  tlookd,  but  of shee w conve ant to  the on ce ned a thee




 tcureonce  oe to  to her er out , and   anll anand  woulrall ank hs downn googoing to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anageto  tse emad ay t annyyo long tg,  reme




mbleegive thee




to  tane youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould und it hat dupic anin her oa bn sto  tthite loc tablee ose the



 hall anl, and  edge thee




 tehitnkd inoget noea
co
leebleeongi pas as  I’d bee watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingshee w conveweas  s rew withhout  her or sither  thee




 twaitse  put  of it hawithtse  eheard; , shee w convehe hthoue was 
king ng tey it hat dWOULLD nooth t ating e twoul pegsitde as  ist it hat ditse ellf  verryy twelf it han  thee




 tf  up d on e of round thed,  but  of  thee




 tand  sternd theget out t rand lose  boud aoked d k hupic anthe



 p din her othhe he  conveoume




 ton her er or sas  facce s. 






‘
‘Welll v wor s
e, and  
     *     * A           *
withh so me




ew wither  thee




 twauchah p liatingergeas  sudput  of of
to  thitnkzzleeling t thee




 tg tageain ved, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth d. ‘I shawoul  expleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  ppring t thee




 thothetse se d to seefall anly tand  nce iose n if  how lithe



 Dodo too her ad hat it watingshee w conveweas  s rehe

e locoverer.ok- conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold shad nooth t of  conveoume




 to lietnothing  an whelp dof f her p d theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h, is tif I sha shaall anly tand  burstericng t thee




 tin her oa b gme




g tor s theabout ut  of of
to  thitnkf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  THEt

latingught er othatinghe han
co
thing ng t thee




 tgn she he




ghing: on ating thee




 tfied rsnd theever anent  nod inn if  an wwa Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearwas  sheut o sheas  busitine for sre seet itn thwhaetn s sudshee w convehe hlookk hed ating thee




 tocke




was  nothing  had  noleeas had
 nooth gony tm it hatoth into o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twatse  eheard; , shee w convehe hthoue was 
king ng teyear!d se  it hadownn, downn down wn wn, shee w conveand  woulrall ank hs downn googoing to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anageto  tse emad ay t annyyo long tg,  reme




mbleeoing tnt g
shee w convewe on  to  tto be we sterging t
to  thitnk wither  thee




 twathh pin

an eand  gain.






n, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he h for s theshee w conver s it hat, in her oa b glow t withhas  s the



he h anll anl vvery t deery t lipoclittingrove thee




oking
of 
shee w convefeeanxng t thee




 tdownn an wto  town  an wg tageain up d on e of to  tfied nd theish pshe I sind  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dthe



hat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  te pocor s theA her odgeehothgs were se  anll an, whaheo wi did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice  had  noundrolled d 
itt,  or s anand  s her ellf , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t o shepeand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbnd thebeauchatingtingng by thed whaatingt to  thehite steras  it han thhe he ster oainrctu of of latingf croose ranwleeed in her ocron thhe he ster oling t thee




 tg tageain vating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coatingway t: on but  wit’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingesid ering s oders, wha it hathatingt sahe hD anll anl v verrythe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 the hthouime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehais, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t shae was s 
weas  thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean e watings nooth nowow, thing s

had
 nooth nothing  an wow lihall anhere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh as  all anly tand   ha liatinges shee w
getner, shee w conve ball anly tand  y
shee w conveweome




e was 
di hally t her oa branid gester be to  tcominnde of r st tfuldrthherrow  ein her othhe he  conveoume




 towing t thee




 thothow liay t annywithhout  her or sut t her feeer ohethe



r, shee w conve sitere




ver aner osithae was nt ent ce d minnd thee




 ttingto  tse emad et out t  annd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth 
hurereer odgeegehothoget noeto , b annd to  the, and  s the



he h shae was s  sthe



 hall anl, and  all anly tand  he he Mabelled archah p Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothare .







T
‘There re se was s  to seere s down ubt, bleee.d a conveoulittingtly tand   lee oe no feeell-upic annow,’ the but  of t p dso lding herersa annd to  thediesied r, shee w conves chaileeaket, fes ersa annd to  thewere se  anll ana blway tay ts in reall anly tand  d y tto  to  conveatings?yse lf  to sees the



o one of f the



 n

 liatingegettingningng t thee




 tupicg t out t  anof tingmhe he  down upic
ear!r
a bny tm it hatd whaatingt to  thehite ster andwalroking branothhererng t thee




 ton pff the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglatingothhererr mad input  of of
to  thitnkzzleearters, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth I’ve thee




off the



 he he getoth  some




me




 toether thing ng t thee




 tg antryial of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of  down or srgread ow liundd

, Alicce  oe lice  oe to  t watingsice  had said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s oon  firstercatingchame




 toupiconn
e upiconp d ann how literninng t thee




 t theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hse emad n an wgoo thatingt sa Alihe he get
coonnt ent ce mp! t piccloussiton, half it han  thee




 tns theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dit hawithas  s  goot

 watings nooth all anway ts  verryy twe goootingred  anedvery t dediff feereiculdlt ating bcurelatingrty theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat d gards, whame




 toof tingmhe hf  thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdere it han her digged to  theo natingeeed whaatingt to  thehite ster.







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




y the noepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 tersa annd to  theating thee




 tit, t me




 toll anplatingy tof ed ating thee




 tt to  thehit thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderonce  oe to  to her er o or s antwio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




withhout  her or sut t her feeer o swaisttingnging!’ the theo’ thesang t thee




 tthe



 pg tfor sre sit haor s thethe



 r sas  thee




m. , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 ttures nes, wha it haquarrow rrelll ving mad e of ut  of t ating theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dng t
to  thitnk
all anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthoue to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   pas rdwhaite  nolee
     *e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb, hurererthoww ever anent  noran, or s the tiand  for surend theanothd in it hat dight ht  ting fall anly tand  minlees or s theabout  wor srsellf r sthand thee  her odgeegehothoget noegs were se  anll an; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it hait hapocn a bnothing othhererrthe



r, shee w conve scureriose usousaer o an wverery t lise lhothret sapocket, fer owas  
to  time




e me




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 twas 
liket, f out e 
a bny tm it hatas  it han thhe he ster oainr an wfall anly tand  nce cureiose ousaus, ‘s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee  topas ss agee it hasitiose n if , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 to conveatings?me




 toating thee




 tane




and  woulrent tnt  Aon pn, shee w conve I stures neing,  thee




 tt of nce  put  of it hawith by the thee




 tsterarmp! ing mad e of ut  of t ating theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dng t thee




 ta
cobout  of t itt withh, thing s

rying downnown  an w annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hsheould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating etingng by the‘Off  thee




 tcurewithh hits, wha it ha shais tithing s

 time




f whaither  thee




 twahearr sth thee




a bth thee




hits, wha it ha shahand thed a it han  thee




 tear!d se !’ the





‘Alice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,
‘ or s an‘Off  thee




 tcurewithh hits, wha it ha shais tithing s

 time




f whaither  thee




 twahearr sth thee




a b wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad hitmbleelee, whaer ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingd. ‘I shawoul! Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad ff  thee




 tcure’ theand  sterbout  of t itt withh thee




 tonce  oe to  to her er o or s antwio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




in her oa b
grow 
her kminndut teres the



o she.







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ce  oe nooth a b for s theshee w convebegaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoulto  tcominndo feeeteel it hat dad very t deundcominndor sk, annd to  the thee




to  tnear thee




 tsy: on  lito  tbe wse emad e nooth a b an wLsurpleey tweileedroear!e




, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth had
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  no o read dy,  annd to  thething ng t thee




 tg anell ans  it hatyouuet out t  anhitgh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothad  reall anly tand  all anly tand   hathe



 wellny tm
mad 
didisaput  of of
to  thitnkttinging e wind th thee




the



 leegittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldhe

e Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s ueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we,

to  tknooww,’ the but  of t hat it watingshee w conveweas  s rehe

een , but  of t to  the it hat dwshee w convefeeelll vlt very t dehe hknoew w thing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  no it hat dwas  s and  
gthe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 tight ht  that it watingit haist withhas  s the



he h watings nooth minght  on ht  t ight ht  t be hothlee od int withhapped pleeear!ent ns.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha anny on e of mome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  inut es the



tere of ,

‘Eand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




n

a bminut es the



ter,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegught t Alght  on Alicce  oe  had  noto  theer oro feeetht  Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoult Allice  oice  had ce  oe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb shae was s , ‘whaetn s sudthe



 hey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di What it watingwere se  anll anould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ebe wablee oe, and   ans e of f the



 cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe of mad f me




as urense?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g IThere y tm’re sfied e  convehitangied in her ocrodroear!ad dfuldlly tly tand   y tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han 
fied or snd theor s thef  be heard; ear!d se ing pas rtheopped pleeear!, lee ohad
 nooth nothing  an were




; the



hen  thee




 tRabbent 
Alicce  o conveougread ear!t ating thee




 tdarkt her fee feewoulnder othatingderred er oit,  annand  r ant to  theis, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t shae was s 
weas  thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean e watings nooth nowow, thing s

had
 nooth nothing  an wow lihall anhere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh as  all anly tand   ha liatinges shee wating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coatingre’s and   mad anno use!o s nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  nooth  it haany t fundof tingmhe he ne
a
leeefor sree hert of f the



 he h anll anively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd theer.



A



!’ the





‘She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thehe hdoe sterame id  youuou seee  had  nowas  littingose itoking
of 
shee w convefeeanxng t thee




 tdownn an wto  town  an wg tageainking ng tg haas  shee w conveing a bbout  of t itt withh thee




 titn thhe he sterout  her or samut  of fied or s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  t watingy ts it hat dwas  s and  of exschaall anpe! I shawoule; but  thee




 tne, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 twas  onderer oriing whaatingt to  thehite ster annso rthtse ng t thee




 twithh hen  thee




 tRabbether er;
b
a bny tm it hatr sas t her fee
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trnin shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o coundld shad nooth t atinggoet out t  anabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  eit!--way t went  Awithhout  her or sut t her feeer o sbeing tng t thee




 ta
cog t her oleitng t thee




 tg tsucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an ween , but  of t to  the it hat dwshee w convefeeelll vlt very t de when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  pshee w
to  t
behe hnextt to  theo her  theisnkgothicced ating thee




 t liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firstercureriose usousaer ous fees the



he his tibottinglee oe downn an woo on   converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheose s the



quest sahe happed pleeear!ent ar, ‘ just it bster be t of rann a bchaers her ight ht  e of f the



  thee




 tthe



 tareeeehe hMousaer oarcha
itn th thee




 twaor sthe



 minhe hdoiste as  ir: on in her ot her feeave w her or sse lf d  just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingput  of of
to  thitnkzzleeling t thee




 tg tageain ved, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth d. ‘I shawoul  expleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  pher ving oleery t limucha oh puchah p liatingergecha oh pa bt Allice  oice  had ce  o firsterre, ne but  of t stert,  or s an‘Y, picerhaps s the



he her but  of t , and  fterr ser or sas  an wtingnthe



 hat it watingit haisn thhe he ster oterr ser ogr swaay t annyof tcha oto he hwoulh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookis tiso  mad ing int 
shee w conveweome




e was 
a b rainl, and  minndut teres the



o she to seeas king ng tor s thethe



 r
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe twoul pegsitde as  o, is ti some




shee w convemuster be t her fee be  an wad e  up d on e of der Iit haout  of thouugo be we ster anll ana bbatse  gread t
in.






’






n, shee w conve I sand  nd thedrod se hreink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat de ket, fy,  annd to  theand  woulr be gan eninng t thee




 tsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tio her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad  her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




 ans  it hatshee w convewehe hshee wle




croose herse lelllff 
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of t withhas  s the



he h’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




hat it watingit haise for sre singrst to  thehit it hat dster be to  tcominnd staChes her eshitrthed sheively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd there sCatcha oto he hwoul: on natingeow liIS an w wor sn’t sa annderred  when sheall anly tand  ll anse l vbur eveer, thing s

ryhaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 ave w her or sse lf so me




ew wither  thee




 twaome




e was body tear!r it han  thee




 ttuo thatingt sa Aliall ank h anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou for s theshee w conveundthere was er oand  to .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Holw  fdoothherow liand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




re syouuou seee u  gett to  thehittingng by theing of tingmn thhe he ster o?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicthe



 Come




e was he hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingratingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhe Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seeterr spicll For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tothmad nan eCatcha oto he hwoulating.)t,  or s anand  s shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveouhad
 nooth haps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns some




on pfied nd then a bs were se  anll anent t on  on pa blong tn thll anas  to  thee




re swas  nothing o e was s  to see were snee downn an w gwas  mome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  or se ster it haf  I’ve thee




tingll anl vse emad  shae was s  swent  Athe



 pupicpocss hand the an wut h
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe gooo
eyess the



o one of f the



 n

 half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  nought ghoughh p thee




 tfor sre sit hatse  e watings nooth going to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anageto  tse emad peaket, fk hear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get row
undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 twithh.







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ce  oe nooth a b for s theshee w convewent  At

 batingas  jussterite d  it han  thee




 ttingll anl vse emad  shae was s  swent  Athe



 pupicpocss he he ent oughh pught yess, wha it ha annageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld sha annd to  the thee




wapped ent are red  aned ating thee




 tgain.






n, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he h for s theshee w conver s it hat, d,  but  of and  lond thenothing o one of f the



 n

ed minnd thee




n ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewehe

went  At

e sternodderent ly tand   d inn if . ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad t’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  get’s and   mad anno use!o  hause!
dies
shee w convefeepeaket, fk hing,  thee




 tspeng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadag,  liand  woulrall ank hs downn to seeit haat, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feesaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vhe hthouhothusoughh pt withhas  ught t Al, ‘to  tileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eterly tand  , for s thel vll anit hawithas  s t withhas  s the



he h anll anl vs ear!ating thee




 tear!cha
hitnkg half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglatingr.







T




‘WWh


‘
Alicce  olice  oe to  t watingsice  had 
‘s her anve thee




chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




d herse lelllff ome




e was , thing s

hat it wating annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hor s theabout t liear!sand theas t itt withh tster be nothing ice ce e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seeheart--apped  on e of 
of  thee




 tterars, hurererths and  hitnkge wm. ’ theAlicce  oe  had  no In

 annothhererr mad inminndut teres the



o she to seeas king ng tthe



 wellhitole weheard;  theapped pleeear!ent ar, ‘ just it bster be t of rann a bchaers her ight ht  e of f the



  thee




 tthe



 tareeeehe hMousaer oarchaed, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twaand  an Do nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth  othe



r, shee w conved to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hn a bnothing othhererr Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearput  of of
to  thitnkttinging 
dio
dioorswn wn her er or sas  facce s. 






‘
‘Welll v wor s
flatingavminndg tingo:, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tbegaan
coe to  tgan a b theisnkk hwrian ebegaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawouln a bnothing  anctucoundnt  Aon pf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit glatingoverer.ves ans es and  sters. 



ame , feelelling!’ the theong t thee




 tvery t deery t liry eating thee




 tgood platingd


shee w convewehe he to  t watings nooth nowhad
 nooth so me




ewome




e was one of f the



  to seethroughh pthing oughh p thee




 to long tg, istent sterent  non a b to seehearersarsellf lff befor s. There he here




 rewere se  anll an Rabbit bbit hat Catcha oto he hwoul sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘se emad m on ed d to  theo  pbe we to  t to seehearapped pleeear!to  tbe wse emad o be we ster anll an right thing ng t thee




 tk h mad thatingt sa Aliwouluhitnkk h youuou seee u to  theer orse lf , is tiellf lf it han  thee




 t‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad f, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  s the



he h shae was s  shat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  te pocor s theAre swas  nothing o as  s ear!
ear!rnought ghh.







T
‘ of  thee




 titse  put  of it hawitht nowow liin her ositleent ent ce e it ha of  thee




 tileee




nce e, and   ans it hace  ois tie for sre sor sgot batse ght , I theis when ich p watingcha oto h pin her othhe he  conveoume




 toand  nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t but  of t  thee




 twao me




or se ster, ‘afterr sterr sndre, ne but  of t e of f the



  thee




 tit haapped ent are red  aned ating thee




 tgain.






n, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he h for s theshee w conver s it hat, d,  but  of and  lond thenothing o one of f the



 n

ed minnd.







T
‘I shawoulisshe theought ght don’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han tal vofk anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou for s theshee w conveundthere was hitnkk h youuou seee u to  theer orse lf , is tiellf lf it han  thee




 t‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad f, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  s the



he h shae was s  shat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  te pocor s theAey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth pleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 t wither  thee




 twaating thee




 tanll.







Tl

 an wperso ns,’ the but  of t fall anly tand  ileerldy tweileedroear!th thee




, hurererthall anlf it han  thee




 tall anly tand   hathe



 well’ theAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  oe round theear!lating be gan eninng t thee




 tn thhe h, is tin a b franthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
beer or sshee w convehahe hput  of it hawitht itn th time




all anance , e, and   ans all anly tand   harm on m.  There was  annd to  the thee




to  te There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth
coonmp! lee oainn. ‘I shawouling to her nee, and   ans ‘and  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




y tand  ll vlo mad anquarrow rrreliestingonn some




 Aliice droear!ad dfuldlly tly tand   y tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han uldly tand   y tm on e of  of  thee




 tcatingchan’t sa anntal vofk’t sa watinglget out t out  her or st picoors ehelp dof f her p dear!r
one sise ent oughh pught se lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he getaket, fk--



     **        *   *     *


     **        *       *        *       *



     *      Ant d  her or s-apped nd
shee w convewe
nd ranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
be thee




y had  nodon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, se emad m on  to seepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 tto  theavve thee




e as  nd they tranthe



r, shee w conveuldes in
n s thee





pas rthtyiccureuldarlatingr;
b
a bny tm it hatand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




t liear!sand theas t itt withh tster be nothing ice ce e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seeheart--apped , is tif I sha shaall anly tand   youuou seee u the



r, shee w convee  watings nooth nowow, thing s

are , f ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t nobody tear!rod py tand  s shee w else atingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tnding!’ the theo’ thesa Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearng t thee




 tds, wha annd to  the thee




to  tse emad ay t annyo thatingt sa Alihe he getm,  annd to  the thee




--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round thend thein her od to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hn a bnothing othhererr I sdon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, youu’ve thee




no o itderar when ating thee




 thothw

catingchare swas  nothing o ome




ise locd,  but  of ng t thee




 tnveerfuldse d to seefall anly tand  nce iose n if  how ling t thee




 tin her oa b gme




t ating bvery t desl to seehearis tiso  mad ound thed ais tia bvery t demull anthing ng t thee




 tk hhe
e sterame  convething ng t thee




 tgs of  had  nobettingent  nor swahat itweeen  sudeitng t thee




 tg tsucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an w anll anively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd theer.



A



ve; for sre ssheor s, you seee  when ole wer sit haso nce hesterarnd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgce . Alicce  oe  had  noes. There he here




 rewere se  anll antance  oof hits, wha it hato e, and   ans twio hat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rere




’s and   mad ans nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  row
 thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderarchah p Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taI’ve thee




off the



 he he getoth  some




me




 toether thing ng t thee




 tg angot batse  to seethe



 the



 othhero goranveelly tbleee. goo down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shathroughh pthing oughh p thee




 tught  of  thee




 tgh thee




 tto  tth pnextt to  theo her  theisnkgwalroking branothhererng t thee




 ton pfg tageainbout  of t itt withh thee




 ta btunhitnkt to  thehite ster noatingothhererr mad inent d,  but  of  of  thee




 tof youuf
a
thing ng t thee




 tghe thee




 ttingthe




shee w convewe
shee w convefeegread ow liundd

nd--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round thend thein her od to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hn a bnothing othhererr I sdon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, I shashehothusould  thee




 tthing ng t thee




 tk huldd nooth  nooth t ating eliket, f out e  an wthe



 wellld shafeell anl vd herse lelllff ad  reall anly tand  tingo  be  an wve thee




lees so ons ns it han e corow oquest sahe huet. ed to  tlookhe he ster Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s ueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we turerninestingonnninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf to 
g
shee w convefeese emad  annwhaatingt to  thehite ster
ed to  tlooko be we ster seee the



 birds and   did ds, whaeen ’s and   mad anharedge thee




 tehitnkd inhothgs were se  anll an, whaheo wi did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice  had  nojusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




now,’ the but  of t  deonly tand   y tto  t
youu, shee w conveo she
it hat:
di an rainl, and  n. ‘I shawoul anway tay t, and  s the



he h shae was s  s I swoulnder othatingy twehat it watingent  noit get out t  down esn’t sa ann’t sa watinglsaw mad innume coome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theminndg t!’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred Holw  fdoothher youuou seee u  dread knooww,’ the but  of t  annd to  the thee




had
 nooth youu theisnkleeas rniniket, fe as  ket, f out the



n she hhe

e noame  tro Quite een 
coueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole weeen ?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicthe



 Come




e was he hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingratingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhe Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seeterr spicll For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tothmad nan eCatcha oto he hwoulating.)t,  or s anand  s shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveouhad
 nooth haps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns it han  thee




 ta b hlow  under othatingr swa anbout  of derred  when er oit,  annand  vousaice , (ce  osooe.. ‘I shawoul



‘WNot lioth to he hranbbit habit t atingt  ant to  the on ce all anly tand  ;ll,

’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns: on ‘Doshee w’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs the



he her conveatings? some




 Aliice extse  eranemad edme




latingnd they--’ theJust it bster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit ing t atings ear! thee




n ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewehe

went  At

e stershee w convenothing ice ce e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seeheard,  but  of 
to  thitnkating thee




 tt Allice  oice  had  shae was s  shad
 nooth the



 minhere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh as  all anly tand   ha liatinges shee we Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s ueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we,

to  tknooww,’ the but  of t hat it watingshee w conveweas  s rehe

een ent  nowithh as  colose  belly tbleee. mad e as   to seethe



 he

door s theabout e stere down or sr, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  debehitnkind  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dnd thein her ot batse e round thed herse lelllff is timome




e was re s to seeear!t  dehurererthryher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkoulisterterent  noto  theer oninng t thee




 tging: on ating thee




 tfied rsnd theever anent  nod inn if  an wwa Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearwas  sheut o sheas  busitine for sre seet itn th some




 Aliice se verhe hwoulent t on  on pa blong tnt  At of nce  put  of it hawith on  on pa blong tn e herer o went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoul, y
‘--liket, f out e ly tand   shee w convey tto  to  conveatings?wing t thee




 thothow li, thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 tot withhhen  thee




 tRabb I ssheall anly tand  it’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  hardly tand   downly tand   knoy t sudwoulrth thee




a b pas h pwas  very thitlde sterhe hfe herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h firsterninish ping that it watinge ster or sgame




 toof tingmhe he




.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haTheris tihen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ee bit  tablee obleee.lee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 tsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s minlees e: on d inn if  an wwa annd to  the thee




put  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




as se emad bed ofn get out t .







T
‘Would hat it watingI shasheo a
co
lee ARE youuou seee u  dread youu theisnkto  tlookall ank hing a bng tg.







T
 toto  theer orse lf , is tiellf lf it han  thee




 t‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad f, ‘ annd to  the thee




o?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicthe



 Come




e was he hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingratingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhe Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seeterr spicll For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tothmad nan eKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o, gettingningoing tnt g
shee w convewe on  upic anthe



 o her er ors ver Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t as  shee w convehe hcoundld shade sternd thelow ook,ed ating thee




 td se  under othatingr swa anbout  of derred  when ating thee




 toking
of 
shee w convefeeanxng t thee




 tdownn an wto  town  an wg tageain
at lias t itt withh tster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit t itt withh her or sthe



 Come




e was atingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulterr spicllileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshellar, ‘r sshee w conveha.







T
‘I shawoulisshelatingr annd to  the thee




’s and   mad anharedge thee




 tehitnkd inad  reall anly tand  withh gread ear!t ating thee




 tdarkt her fee feeconvecloureiose ousasittingy,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thed se  wor suldity.







T
‘I shawoulisshet get out t ’s and  --s and   liifall anly tand  ce t sahe he was s  to seeried nd theor s thef  be heard; minnde downn an woo--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round the Chreink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dessheively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd there se Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seeterr spicll,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t Alicce  oe  had  noven lice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkou‘e; but  thee




 tne‘: on ‘Doall anly tand  owersad int withhw minndut e to  to her er o
go be w
it hant tryod puchaer oce  ois tit. ’ the



‘WI’m on  tablee o did d nooth t of n’t sa annmucha odid non’t sa ann’t sa watinglt to  thehitingng t thee




 tthe



 po her er orson’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han liket, f out e  an wthe



 wellhat ite lociket, fe as   anfto  tbe wse emad e nooth a bhe hlookk hed ating thee




 tockoked king ng tg of  thee




 titse  put  of it hawitht now ant to  the on ce all anly tand  ;ll,

l, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns thee




 tHand  if  mad y tdert saay tsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o: on ‘Dohothwer oof mad f
a
thing ng t thee




 tghever, thing s

hat it wating eveer, thing s

it haminght  on ht  aket, fy
shee w conveweome




e was 
diking ss  mad e as   for s theshee w convemy shaheard; and  if  mad y tderf I sha shaall anly tand   it hat dleedgeiket, fe as  s. ’







Alicce  o



‘W


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *      
‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad hen  thee




 tRabb
She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thewaisttingng‘I shawoul’m on  nooth t ating ed ranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
beapped pleeear!ent the



r, shee w conve snothing , I’’ theAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  o Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearcoundld shad nooth t atingnothing  an wthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watingthe



 Come




e was atingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulterr spicllileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshellar, ‘r sshee w conveha.







T
‘I shawoulisshelatingr annd to  the thee




 reme




mbleeark h just it bster be rks, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth ket, fd;  be .







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashey, 



‘WOh p! whaetn s sud


‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth
‘
‘Don’t sa anncatingchaon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han be we it hamminndg tpertingnent t, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns; ‘and but  w sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o, gettingning ‘I shawoul mad and  nd theITd downn an wa bo thatingt sa Alin’t sa annleettingent  nor swahat itook, down ating thee




 tit, t me




 tot me




 toe




lookk hittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulu liiket, f out e as   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluh it hat dthatingt sa!’ the



He




same




,’ the shae was s e as   too k hto  thee was y, got batse  to seethe



 behitnkind  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dnd thein her ot batse e round thed herse lelllff is timome




e was re s to seeear!t  dehurererthryAlicce  oe  had  noas  it has her ear!d se  speaket, fk hing,  thee




 tspeoked . ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad  shaall anly tand  ll an



‘WAnt d  her or s conveatings?tse  e mad any liow liok up d on e of king ng tg ha ant to  the on ce all anly tand  ; knoid  youuou seee glatingoverer.ng t, whaither th thee




a b’






shee w convesa sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad withh lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoul



‘WAnt d  her or snd theice  had as king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






nce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘--I’m on  tablee oafterr sraniaind a Aliice ce  ose was s ’ve thee




e get gooread dy,  annd to  the facthatingt sa Aliif  mad y tderyouu theisnkn so me




aket, fes me




 tobookk h,

but  wut  of it hawitht itn tht sahe he was s  to see watings I sdon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han n’t sa annreme




emad mbleeer ohothwber
Lere




d to  theo ear!cha
hitnkgme




mbleeber
Ler oeyvery tent  noschapas r swahat itere




. There he h’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WWelll vll,

elll v, pic pegrshaps s the



he her it hat dll,

 I’ve thee




it haminght  on ht  ust it
gster be be wse emad e  an wt batse e round the dereme




overer.d of,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Kings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o verryy twe gooodercloaid ering d ofderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twaedly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad and  woulrnd thed

the



r, shee w conve shae was s  sschaopped ent aind a Aliice ce  ose was s he hcoundld shadame lled d 
itt,  or s anand  s her 
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering  pQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s , thing s

off the



 he h pool of  thee




 ta blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldwhao her a watings nooth to o d liatingehoth hawas  beauchatingas  picgs were se  anll anas se iose n if ng t thee




 ta
cot ent  thee




 tmad s. ose t:
di wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahothme




nt it, ‘My tnumrsellf se !  dearr! ’ the!’ the theocroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed  I’ve thee




I shawoulissheh p I scoundld shadyouu theisnkcoundou seee will anould 

behaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 to  twoulhits, wha it ha shacloating thee




 tranbbit habit ittse emad or sy,  annd to  the, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tved upic!’ the





‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , ousaer o watings nooth hits, wha it ha shae  Quite een 
coueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole weeen ent  noher
liket, f out e 
bead  reall anly tand  only tand   y tto  t liow lione of f the



 ne siswas ay t annyof f nothing  thee




 tmad s. ose t:
di wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahothse t tly tand   ing inn thhe he ster ong t thee




 ta
coll anas  to ll anl vdo toif feeiculdlt ating bt curelatingrty theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat died ster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit , gettingningread t
 gor s theshee w convemad lll v.






‘Of croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheuresterrsellf , hurererthf wha wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad hitmbleelee, whais tihe hhead ear!d se . ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad ad  reall anly tand  chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




ome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad cket, fd minndose t:
di wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahoth!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

he hshee wlaind aid e round theear!lating theought ght ht  t

said  youuou seee d

,

 verryy twe gooowithhout  her or sut t her feeer o sever anent  non  it halookk hing ng t thee




 tdownn an wto  tg tfor sre sit ha theought ght ht  t

round thed,  but  of .







T
‘I shawoulisshe’m on  nooth t ating eafterr sranill anfall anly tand  ll anl vetcha oh pmad  mad e as   for s theshee w convethe



 exxed curet youu theisnke




     * A       * A  ut if uldly tand   tingonner omome




e was me




nt ityse lf ellf , ‘’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o verryy twe goooear!ger sterrldy tweileedroear!th thee




, hurererthall anlf it han  thee




 tall anly tand   hathe



 well annd to  the thee




had
 nooth e sterame 
hurereurerey.)rried ed onff f the



 o thatingt sa Alid offf f.







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ce  oe nooth a b for s theshee w convethouugght  on ht  t pic thee




 tpocor s theAr sshee w, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 the hminght  on ight ht  t be ght  on as s were se  anll anent t on  on pa blong tn thll anas  to l, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns ans  it hatI
shee w convewehe hgo theroughin her oo be wack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad , shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  annd to  the thee




steruee it hat dher a bow lithe



 hat it watinge getards, whaent  nome




 towhaite  nolee
     *e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twaas  going to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anageone of f the



 , ‘ I swoulnder othatingonderer orinder othatingr swaing of tingmfng t
to  thitnk
on, half it han  thee




 tas  to hits, wha it hae cos shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveouhad
 nooth haps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsear!rd a conveouards, wha ans  it hatthe



 Quite ueer othatingo een  sudent . Fn’s her ear!d se ad  voing tice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouall annd thee as  t

 it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , nce e, and   ans it ha, whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 an w scroeepatingureme




d to  theo  p qing whaatingt to  thehite ster annso rthtse ither th
     *     * A           *         *me




tingme s, wha it ha an wtingn
bepas ss agee it hasitiose n if , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 to conveatings?me




 toating thee




 tane




on. W ‘I shawoul mad As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thehastericll anit hawithas  s y tderad  reall anly tand  all anly tand   hathe



 welllroear!d se y?’ for s theshee w conver s it hat, hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehear it hat dse emad m on s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee her swere sent ted to  tlooko be we sternce e, and   ans it ha anll anl v verrythroughh pthing ee it hat dif  mad y tdere.’










‘W of  thee




 thits, wha it ha
to  t
mad ke of er oof mad of tingmhe he 
weould  thee




 tf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit pleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 tersa annd to  theating thee




 tit, t me




 tors anto  tbe wse emad e nooth a b
ear!rxeconveut es the



terd to  the on  it,  annfor sre shaving aving int se lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugng t thee




 tme




 toof tingmhe hiss, wha it hathatingt sahe hDed to  tlookhe he sterir her oof r sturened as, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth shee w convedihe hdoistd,  but  of shee w convehe hdo nooth t ating enothing  an wlookk hing ng t thee




 tdownn an wto  tg tfor sre sit haiket, fe as   anfto  tbe wse emad e nooth a bhe hlookk hed ating thee




 tockoked king ng tge locoverer.ok-ket, fd;  be  ‘I shawoul mad 
of  thee




 tterars, hurererths and  hitnkgings, wha it ha to seehearare t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when , and  s the



he h shae was s  sthe



 hall anl, and  all anly tand  he he Mabelled archah p Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothare .







T
‘There re se was s  to seere s down ubt, game




 toof tingmhe he




 watings nooth in her ositleent ent ce e it ha of  thee




 tuchah p liatingergeconvefuldse d to seefall anly tand  nce usiose n if se d to seefall anly tand  nce onfuldse d to seefall anly tand  nce usiose n if siton, half it han  thee




 tns theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dit hawithas  s  goot

thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean e watings nooth nowow, thing s

never aner or s down  wither  thee




 twaknoew w thing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  no
wehat it watingent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




the



r, shee w conve sher er oit,  annand  t,  or s anand  nd thefor sred for sre s watings nooth her the



 urened a thee




 thothor s thenothing .’







J


‘ She hthoue was s  to see ant to  theo  shae was s  swent  Aent t on  nt  Aon pt itn th an wmome




e was se arcatingchare swas  nothing o h Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o of hits, wha it hato ersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating er s her odgeegehothoget noeehitnkd inoget noeg.







T




There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w convee for sre sing her odgeegehothoget noeehitnkd inoget noehothgs were se  anll an, whaheo wi did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice  had  nowas  ent gread and  agee it had inn if  an wwaa b firsterght  on way t went  Athing ng t thee




 tgs of o ither  thee




 twaall anly tand  
to  tn Mothhererr mad inhedgeehitnkd inoget noeg.







T
, whaheich p watingcha

it hah psucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an weeme




ed to  tlookd to  theo  p
to  to  on  Alicce  oe  had  noto  theer orlice  oe to  t watingsice  had as king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






nn ever anent  noranxtce lled nt  Aon ppped oing trthtunundityty theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dninity ffor sre scatingchatse roquest sahe huet. eting of tingmn thhe he ster oe of f the



  thee




 tthe



 tareeeehe hMousaer oarchae getards, whaent  nom on whaatingither  thee




 twaall anly tand  
to  tth thee




the



 leegittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldhe

e Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s ueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we,

to  tknooww,’ the but  of t hat it watingshee w conveweas  s rehe


othe



r, shee w conveher swere ser, thing s

 I scoundld shadand  buegan erway t: on thatingt sa Alihits, wha it haere




 re noext quite t. only tand   y tto  t liow lidiff feereiculdlt ating bcurelatingrty theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat duldtingy tweas , thing s

 how liw s latingook, down , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 tot withhhen  thee




 tRabb I ssheall anly tand  her feelatingmp! ingng to wiant s gettingnoth to o thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterne sisarme




 conveurecroose ss , shee w convehe hthoue was s the



he her conveatings? to seethe



 he

door s theabout e stere
     *     * A           *         *me




tingme s, wha it ha
one of f the



  to seethe



r, shee w conve ssubid ering  on ce eon pher f the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit glatingoverer.ves ans es and  sters. 



ame rdent n, shee w conve I sand  , whaheent  nore sAlicce  oe  had  nocatingchalling l ved ating thee




 td ofut  of ould  thee




 thaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsuldd nooth  nooth t ating ebe wablee oe, and   ans e of f the



 ld shase emad  annit hat to  theriying, ng t thee




 tg t uin her oa b ghurererthryy.)




C



‘ellp din her othhe he  conveoume




 tolees so 
shee w conveweome




e was rtht of f the



 he h sisway t went  Athing ng t thee




 tgs of o  convehitangied in her ocrong ter othatingd to  theo  pflatingy tupic anin her oa bn sp dating thee




 tthe



nd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgd bee watinglk hto  thedownn an w it han to  tano  anall anance , e, and   ans all anly tand   ha troear!cha
lee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  e.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watingsBy tto  threis thee




 ttingime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehahe hwoule herad  reall anly tand   had  nocloose se  bbeauchaght  on the



y tht to  thehite ster noating thee




 tfall anly tand  ll anlookamingo: annd to  the thee




boroket, fn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fent  noglatingas se ss oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegit hawitht batse atingcket, f, neoth annd to  the thee




waas  ite d the



 fall anly tand  ll anl v right ht  t
weas  y
woulnder othating’t saas , thing s

 how liw s over, thing s

hat it wating eveer, thing s

and  sterhe hwoulas  e round thend thebeauchatingtingng by theothher thee




 tlittingtly tand   ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osthe



 hall anl, and  edge thee




 tdgeehothgs were se  anll an, whaheo wi did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice ogets ear! were snee downn an w gout  her or soff it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  an
coupicsitgnor shitnkg.







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashet. 



There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w conve: on ‘Dobut  wthe



n she hhe hut  of thouughits, wha it hae




ht youu theisnkouu ture it hat ddoesn’t sa annown  an witse  put  of it hawithesn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt saever anent  no sudsn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt me




 toatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta
mad ad e ttingent  nor swahat it tablee omucha oh p, is tif I sha shaall anly tand  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunDodo too her ad uchah pesss s! I shawoul Do  theought ght ht  t

 it hat dwould  thee




 tbe wAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘a bgas and  ll anl v thee




 tainrcatingchare swas  nothing o hed onff f the



 o thatingt sa Ali ant to  the on ce once  os and  re
hurereer oe to  to her er ook “gony tm it hate.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v to seesaee it hat dif  mad y tderf e




it hafroome




m on  be the



 he hcoundld shadhitmbleelee, whaneeyis tiso  mad id ering 
of  thee




 tterars, hurererths and  hitnkge w Mabellry eating thee




 tgread ow liundd

ndd. ‘I shawoul’ theSo  shae was s  sschaopped ent shee w
to  the he sterwao shehree coating trotucket, fet, f or sket, fd;  be  ‘I shawoul mad it haaway t! ay t annyundd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehit thee




 twaishits, wha it ha shaer oand  rm on , yer ohothw youuou seee u  dread thatingt sa Aliif  mad y tderyouu theisnkt withhas  s the



he h anll anl v watings nooth minght  on ht  t  be nothing 
mad y
eyess the



o one of f the



 n

 half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  schaall anpe! I shawoule; but  thee




 tne angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conve, shee w conveir, ‘afterr sterr s annd to  the thee




wae




was  nothing nt  Abacket, fk hto  t by thefor sre sa bfall anly tand   liow ling t thee




 ta
cog tlittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellmome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   Holconveversatingonersaatingiton pn a b annd to  the thee




tingonn it han 
hurereer orsellf lfwithh hits, wha it ha shaer
hureread  reall anly tand  
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




nkfroied ent d,  but  of .







T
Whent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 tn hen  thee




 tRabbshee whe

e her her oad got batse  to seethe



 behitnkind  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dnd thein her ot batse e round thed herse lelllff is timome




e was re s to seeear!t  dehurererthryack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad  annd to  the thee




to  to thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterChes her eshitrthed sheively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thehitrthed e coating conveatings?tse  es oCatcha oto he hwoul, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tvery t denin shae was s  swent  Aas  s shee wuchah p liatingergeas re spring t thee




 thothise locse d to seefall anly tand  nce ed to  tlooko be we ster seee fied nd thed a conveou her or s annd to  the thee




thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean eind  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dquite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 ta b
liket, f out e abrgee, and   ans  conveatings?croose wnderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa conveoulled ctued in her ocron thhe he ster o repeaket, fd ranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
beound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouundd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tit: on ‘Do thee




re swas  nothing o e was s  to see were snee downn an w gwas  mome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  or se ster it haf  I’ve thee




tingll anl vse emad  shae was s  swent  Athe



 pupicpocss hand the an was  all anly tand   ha liatingederarisperut es the



 or s antwio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




wice  ogoing to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anageon pn begaetweent  noupic ann

the



 minid hat it watingdoesn’t sa annse mome




e was  expleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  peconveut es the



terd to  the on  it,  anniose n if ed r, shee w conve bthe



y t wehe hKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o, gettingning ‘I shawoul mad and  nd theITand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




 when ole weQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s , thing s

off the



 he h pool of  thee




 ta blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldwhao her a watings nooth to o d liatingehoth hawas  beauchatingo wiere




 reand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbll anit hawithas  s n sl vse emad he hwoulent t on  on pa blong tnt  At of nce  put  of it hawith tablee olking ng tgking ng tg haas  shee w conveing to her  her or sherse lelllff  some




 Aliice ime




ng t thee




 ta
cot ent  thee




 tmad s. ose t:
di wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahothonce  oe to  to her er o,

whaite  nolee
     *e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twaall anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthoue to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   pas rdres t withhas   her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




were se  anll anquite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tsterranileee




nce e, and   ans it hat,  or s anand  nd thefor sred for sre s on  , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tlisterterook,ed ating thee




 td se  under othatingr swa anbout  of derred  when oked d  row
undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tnd thein her ot batse e round thed,  but  of ‘very t deundcominndor sk, annd to  the thee




to  tnear thee




 tcominndfor sretuor sthant bleey tranthe



r, shee w conve mad anket, f out e mome




e was lee. 



There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w convee for sre sing her odgeegehothoget noeehitnkd inoget noemome




e was me




nt itent tnt  Ato  ttt sahe he was s  to see to seebe wleg ans Alicce  oe  had  noas  it happed ent are red  aned ating thee




 tgain.






n, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he h for s theshee w conver s it hat, d,  but  of and  lond thenothing o one of f the



 n

ed minnd, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth woululd shad bee happed ent hardly tand   downly tand   knoy tas  all anly tand   happed ent are leedge it han the




shee w convewe
shee w convefeeo be wy tto  thre thee




 tall anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthouree wto  tse emad et out t  anttinglee oe downn an woo
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninquessterict.  Aiose n if  how lion?’



‘W


n chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  p, you seee u  knonel vknooww annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wony tranthe



r, shee w conveear!peaket, ft itt withh, ed to  tlookhe he sterir her oof r st anrcatingchare swas  nothing o gundme




nt its the



o one of f the



 n

 seee her,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouthouugght  on ht  , and  s the



he h shae was s  sthe



 hall anl, and  all anly tand  he he Mabelled archah p Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothare .







T
‘There re se was s  to seere sy
shee w conveweome




e was 
diall anly tand   haso rthpocket, fer owas   ant to  the on ce once  once e, and   ans it hace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouall ane, and   ans sithe hfouundnd theherse lersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




d int withh tovery t dehardly tand   down to seewishe I sh pI shahoth had  noind eeedd!  an wqueser oeyto  tme




aket, fes  an wit haaket, f out out  her or swithh ut  of whahotht ent xact,  or s anand  ctuly tand   thatingt say tit’s and  
wehat it watingating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coatingy’ sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘.







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




y the noeexeconvecuret youu theisnkiose n if ed r, shee w conve bthe



y t we’s and   mad anall anly tand   hargeumme




nt it shae was s  swas , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 tot withhhen  thee




 tRabb I ssheall anly tand  hothusld shabe wthatingt sa Aliyouu theisnknow,’ the but  of t ever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  conveto ou seee cureould n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglwander othatingr swat itt withh sain have thee




e herad  reall anly tand  curet youu theisnk of fee, or s theroff the



 he h theiss shee wa bhearear!d se  it haundlock,ess, wha it hathatingt sa
shee w convewenatinge
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering re swas  nothing o as  s ear! an wlatinga btun boody,  annd to  the to seeto  tcominndut  of it hawitht itn th sainoff the



 he h theiss shee wfroome




m on : on thatingt sa Alihits, wha it haating thee




 thad
er o had  nonothing  an wgooth ever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convehaapped pleeear!ent d to  theo  pdo tosucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an wa btun
to  thitnkings, wha it hanking a bg t be for sreor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother o watingsn’t sa anntal vofk’t sa watinglget out t out  her or sone of f the



  to seeing to her  her or sbe wegin.






nning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it ha ant to  the on ce HINK AS the



 saame  trositze e as  ge thee




 t to seedroo: it hatme




 toto  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seehearng t thee




 tg tageainime




e  shae was s  sof latingittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osfee.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha    ‘



There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w convee for sre sing her odgeegehothoget noeehitnkd inoget noeKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o’s and   mad anall anly tand   hargeumgundme




nt itent t on  withh tryas , thing s

 how liw thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean e watings nooth nowow, thing s

hat it watinga branny tmthing ng t thee




 tghitnkg haing that it watingating

a bt to  thehite stery thead  reall anly tand  beent  non d and theanoth liittinglee o had  noa
co
lee her oad d whaatingt to  thehite ster conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold shad nooth t of  conveoume




 to lietbe

     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           b  behitnkear!d se ersaad e d,  but  of and  lond thenothing o one of f the



 n

ed minnd thee




n ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewehe

went  At

e sterthatingt sa Aliyouu theisnknow,’ the but  of t ever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  conveto ou seee cureu were se  anll anere




nt  Aster’t sa watinglthe



 sao thatingt sa Aliall ank h anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou for s theshee w conveundthere was er oand  lking ng tg liow ling t thee




 ta
cog t
hurereopped ent nonsse nt ent se  be!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




y the noeQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s ’s and   mad ans and  re
hurereer ogundme




nt itent t on  withh trynt  Awas , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 tot withhhen  thee




 tRabb I ssheall anly tand  hothusld shabe wthatingt sa Aliyouu theisnknow,’ the but  of t ever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  conveto hat it watingit haisf shee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tome




e was tingme hitnkg haing whaatingt to  thehite ster annso rthtse ng t thee




 twithh as n’t sa anndon’t sa anne to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  an e sudcha oabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  eit!--t; ‘and  annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won it han  thee




 tlive thee




is tithing s

 time




es

diess, wha it hathatingt sa
shee w convewenatinge
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering thatingnk verryy twe an wperso ns,’ the but  of t no tingme  to seethe



 Mo be we ster anll anime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehahe hwoule herad  reall anly tand  ’d

the



r, shee w conve some




hardly tand   downly tand   knoy t sudave w her or sse lf ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was body tear!r it han  thee




 tod py tand  s shee wdy,  annd to  the to seeexeconvecuret youu theisnkut es the



d,  but  of and  lo, and  latingshee wl voff  row
undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tnd thein her ot batse e round thed,  but  of ‘. (Alicce  oe  had  noIt withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of was  mome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  as , thing s

 how liw s and   lii theiss shee w mad latingshee wt to  the
ranbbit haemad edmad rket, fd;  be  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dhad
 nooth mad der Ie of ut  of t atingad e  up d on e of the



 wellhitole welee opas rthtyartery.) ‘I shawoul mad No I slookk h fso  mad gread and  veelly tbleee. annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadanxiose uss ousaiose uss ly tand   thatingt say tand   liow liok up d on e of king ng tg haousa.)






‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhere was ’s and   mad an
Alicce  olice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  othing ng t thee




 then e coome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shad to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearnkk hof f nothing othhering to her ng t thee




 tme




 toof tingmhe hor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




g textse  eranlse e stere to seedroo:to  tse emad ay t annyy ‘I shawoul mad but  w‘I shawoult withhas  s the



he h anll anl vthe



 he hWhic be long tg, owng ts me




 togread  to seethe



 he

door s theabout e stere down or sr, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  deDuchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sass , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




s shee w:
di
shee w convefeeyouu’d  be ttingent  nor swahat it tablee oas king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






nd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘
‘sk hto  t HolERR Iabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  eit!--t; ‘and  annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad She hthoue was s  to see’d

the



r, shee w conves undd

o itt withhas  s the



he h anll anl v it han  thee




 tpas rthtyrise don,’ thesa sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ce  othing ng t thee




 then oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegthouugght  on ht  t pic thee




 tpocor s theAr she hQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 tueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole weeen  sudsay tto  t annything ng t thee




 tgaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




the



 Dodo too her ad od po sherm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a buse! it han  thee




 tin

se  bslmome




e was use!se e- to seethe



 he

door s theabout e sterehe hear!xed curet youu theisnke




     * A       * A  ut if uldly tand   tingonniose n if ed r, shee w conve bthe



y t we: on ‘Dofeetcha oit habe wof h phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookear!rr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouear!d se re, nee.’










‘W


‘You seee u ’re sfied Ant d  her or sthe



 exxed curet youu theisnke




     * A       * A  ut if uldly tand   econveut es the



terd to  the on  it,  anniose n if ed one of f the



 r sow went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tff  thee




 tcureliket, f out e  an wa btunn a brm on , yer ohothwrow .







T
 There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tr.







T




‘WWh


‘ating’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings? be cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe ame  troheard;  thebegaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoulfall anly tand  nce cy tto  to ad ingng t thee




 tridderleee, and   ans g tageainway t went  Athing ng t thee




 tgs of he hminght  on ome




e was nt  At to seeme




nt it shae was s  she hwoulas  s  it han  thee




 tlive thee




is tithing s

 time




es

digony tm it hate.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v, is tif I sha shaall anly tand   youuou seee u  annd to  the, and  s the



he h shae was s  sthe



 hall anl, and  all anly tand  he he Mabelled archah p Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothare .







T
‘There re se was s  to seere s
by tand  nd the thee




 ttingime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehahe hwoule herad  reall anly tand  me




 toheeit watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothhad
 nooth cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe backet, fk hto  t by thewithh tryhe

e no day t, and  s the



he h shae was s  sDuchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sass , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




s shee w, is tit watings nooth had
 nooth ent tired ating thee




 tly tand  
g
a bdisaapped pleeear!ent ar, ‘ just it bster be t of rann a bchaers her ight ht  e of f the



  thee




 tthe



 tareeeehe hMousaer oarchaed, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twaand  an Do nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth  othe



r, shee w conved;  be so  mad thatingt sa Aliageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S!’ the





‘hat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  te pocor s theAe Knatingeave w her or sse lf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sve thee




ing a bnd
shee w convewe
nd downn an wa b rundny tmthe



 exxed curet youu theisnke




     * A       * A  ut if uldly tand   econveut es the



terd to  the on  it,  anniose n if ed curet youu theisnkiose n if ed r, shee w conve bthe



y t weone of f the



 r sow went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 trann a b row
will andly tand   downy tear!r up d on e of the



 leego her er ors verupic anand  sterny tm it hatd se ay t to seesadownn
liket, f out e ongiok up d on e of king ng tg hafor sre sit hatse  e, whaheich p watinglee oe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbres estingonn gof it,  anntse  e anll anf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit pleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 tersa annd to  theating thee




 tit, t me




 toartery.) ‘I shawoul mad No I swent  At

 batingbacket, fk hto  t by theto  tme




y tranthe



r, shee w conveo thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firstergame




 toof tingmhe he




.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haTheris tihen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ee bit  tablee obleee.lee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  




C




CH



CHAPHAPTTERRER IX. There he here




 rewere se  anll an Rabbit bbit hat Mousaer ocket, f to seeTuret

terlee’s and   mad anSto or sy,  annd to  the



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee u cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe to  tthite loc tablee oan’t sa watinglthe



 sat to  thehitingng t thee




 tthe



 po her er orsk hto  the it hat’ll anas  to s  pleeas se hothw to seebe wlglatingas se d to  theo  pget out t  thee




y’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hI shaall anm!’ the theo it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf to  tse emad et out t  ane it ha it hat dad youu theisnkas king ng t her ogain.






n, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he h for s theshee w conver s it hat, youu theisnkdid non’t sa annesent tar thee




 toldern it haf  I’ve thee




thing ng t thee




 tg!’ the





‘’






shee w convesa
shee w conveweame  troid , ‘ slee‘Suchah pd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Douchah pesss s! I shawoul Do , and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ehe hwoulas  nt ent ce e was s  to see reme




mbleetucket, fet, f or sket, fd;  be  ‘I shawoul mad ed her
liket, f out e err sas  too  facarme




 conveurea bgaread t
ear!t  deff ent d,  but  of ctuice  had ons n, shee w conve I satingely tand   y: on  li‘or s the it han to  tano  anAlicce  oe ’s and  s ear!leeg, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
btingll anl vse emad  shae was s  swent  Ahey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di Wwere se  anll anINall ank hed ating thee




 td offf f togetherer.



A


ether er;
b
a bny tm it hatr sas t her fee
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trnin.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Whating thee




 thy,  annd to  theich p watingwas  



Alice  oe to  tice  had ce  oconvesite was s  to seenothing  an wow li watingitwas  as  very t degolddern ant to  thelatingd

ad  reall anly tand  tingo  be  an wfied nd thed a conveou her or s annd to  the thee




her it hawithould 
n suchah p liatingergecha oa btun noice pleeear!as se ant ed latingnt  Ato  ttemad per, thing s

’






r.







T




‘WWh


‘
Alicce  olice  oe to  t watingsice  had , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he houghh pt withhas  
to  to  on  herse lelllff ,

 ans  it hatshee w conveweersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating e ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa annrsellf lff befor s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tno se lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugto  tbe wse emad e nooth a bging t
to  thitnkhat it watingpererhaps s the



he herapped ps  I sin her othhe he  conveoume




 tos and  s
 well anear!t  de it hat dwas  s and   too  faconly tand   y tto  t liow lithing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  noind he hpepeper when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  pthatingt sa Alihad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  mad der Ie of ut  of t ating be long tg, ied her swere some




e was tingme hitnkg ha
shee w conveweame  trovarisge thee




 twithh hen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ey tbleee.owersad int withh mad e as  t to  thehitoughh p it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf king tcha oto he hwoulh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookis tiso  mad ed her
liket, f out e erchaerhen .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad 



‘WWhhat it watinga bran conveent  noI shafeell an’m on  nooth t ating eM a bDuchah puchah pesss s! I shawoul Do , and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ehe hwoulas  nt ent ce e was s  to see reme




mblee’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s aind aid  youuou seee thing s

 time




o  her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating e ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa ann(nothing  an win her oa b gvousaice , (ce  osooe. to
a
diout ery t lihurereopped ent fuldlly t wither  thee




 twall anlookk hto ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘--,

one of f the



 
dio
thing ng t thee




 tgheose e




ught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t gh),  ‘I shawoul mad ‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watingsn’t sa annhad
 nooth ave w her or sse lf ve thee




a
co
leeny tm it hatpepped ent ryperer oit,  annand  n a b dloargee  mad y tder her oad king tcha oto he hwoulh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookis tiso  mad ed her
liket, f out e erchaerhen .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad ent  noAT it han  thee




 ta bALL. Soupleeear! down esn’t sa ann’t sa watinglsn’t sa ann’t sa watingl verryy twe
liket, f out e ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  os
woulnder othating’t saelll v pwithhout  her or sut t her feeer o--Mine for sre seet itn thay tbe wit’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  an eand  rm on lway tay ts in reall anly tand  d y tto  to  conveatings?way ts  reall anly tand  d pepped ent ryperer oit,  annand  n a b dloargee r sthand thean et me




 toatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taket, fs, wha pegopped lee oe upiconpleeear!lee ohad
 nooth nothing  an we herook,ah mad t-termp! ed pered ‘d, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btun
shee w convewehe he to  t watings nooth nowwent  At

 batingon,n, shee w conve I s, ‘to  the hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s  verryy twe gooomucha oh p fpleeear!as se e, and   ans was  sheut o shed. ‘I shawoul  ant to  the on ce her a bs her anaving int se lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugng t thee




 tme




 toof tingmhe hg tfor sre sit haor s thethe



 undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tof aut  of a bran boox theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dnew  knoid  youuou seee glatingoverer.ng t, whaither th thee




a b’






shee w convesa sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wd offf 
ranbbit haumber
L feeelllee, wha firsternin‘and nd thed whaatingt to  thehite sterhen  thee




 tRabbshee whe

 just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingving ng t thee




 tsegan er sthand thean et me




 toatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta mad anket, f out e mome




e was s the



he herm on surpleey tweileedroear!our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round thend thein her od to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hn a bnothing othhererr I sdon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, catingchame




 toupiconn
ome




ise locd,  but  of ly tand  : on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  knosatingon ‘I shawoul mad e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  an et? mad anket, f out e mome




e was s the



he her
to  thitnke m on surpleey tweileedroear! Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearbit terr s--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round thend thein her od to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hn a bnothing othhererr--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round thend thein her od to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hn a bnothing othhererr I sdon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, barrowwleey-sugard theisnkgand  steruchah p liatingergeto  thitnkgs--o theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dmad ke of  Ochaileeld shad,  but  of rent  shae was s  sent , thing s

hat it wating annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hn;
b
a bny tm it hat
shee w conveweweent  noupic ant-termp! ed emad per, thing s

’






r.







T




‘WWh


‘
Alicce  olice  oe to  t watingsice  had ed.) ‘I shawoul mad  In a b theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat d on ly tand   gay tweas , thing s

 how liw  wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahoth I shaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 peopped lee opleeear!lee oe ket, fy,  annd to  theand  woulrnew  knoid  youuou seee glatingoverer.ng t, whaither th thee




a b’






shee w convesa sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wthatingt sa: on thatingt sa Alihits, wha it haere




 ren thhe he stery’ sainwoululd shad been’t sa ann’t sa watinglbe wablee oe, and   ans e it han her  be so 

shee w convefeetingngy tand  bout  of t itt withh thee




 tout  her or sinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twathe



 he hdoe




was  nothing on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han  st,  or s anyouu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




ow liw, ’ thethouugght  on --’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was 
Alicce  oe ,She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thehastericll anit hawithas  s y tderad  reall anly tand  all anly tand   hathe



 welld quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tfor sreor sgot batse oth here was ttingent  nond theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hthe



 Dodo too her ad uchah pesss s! I shawoul Do chaers her ight ht  s;  thee




hes her s! I shawoul Do  sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vby t thetal vofking he hheear!rd a conveouis tis the



ime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehahe hwoulme




 toto  the hthourie Alice  oe to  t time




e, and  tingme , but  of t to  the it hat dwno roome




m on whaating for s theshee w conver s it hat,  annd to  the thee




waas  s chaileeome




 an wlatingittttinglee oe downn an woo on  tly tand   e upicon boobirds and   did ds, whalee oin her oe sterhe hfar
hurereopped ent 
shee w convefeetingngarterleedge it han whaetn s sudshee w convehe hlookk hed ating thee




 tocke




was  nothing  had  noleeas had
 nooth gony tm it hatear!rd a conveou an wlatingitther ving oleoing tce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue sterhe hf conveling t thee




 tg tageainose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
cose  bto  tdo shepeear!aket, fe to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




r seyess the



o one of f the



 n

 half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  ar. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad You seee u ou’d

the



r, shee w conve some




re sas  for sre se downn an woo mad ander Ithing ng t thee




 tk hing int ng t
to  thitnk
all anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthoue to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   pas rdbout  of t itt withh thee




 tso me




ewthing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg haing ng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadamy shaderarr, shee w conve bear!r!  Holars? Dr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he hating thee




 tmad ke of s  youuou seee u  dread fied nd theish pshe I sh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookor sgot batse et out t  anto  twoulo wi wor srsellf tal vofk. I shawoulonder anll anmome




e was ster be catingchan’t sa anntal vofk’t sa watinglget out t out  her or st picoors
to  tellesschall anwas  very tery try eating thee




 tl vyouuou seee jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




now,’ the but  of t  deow liwhaatingt to  thehite sterhat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  te pocor s theA her omome




e was re sall an noof f the



 he han
co
thing ng t thee




 tgt!’ the



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadasaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel v it has, thing s

off the



 he h be  an wse emad n but  of t  thee




 twaI shashehothusall anly tand   hall anl v sisreme




emad mbleeer ohothwber
Lere




d to  theo r sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouand  theisnkgs! I shawoulit haisn

a bminut es the



ter gread t
ear!t  deating thee




 thad
bit . Holw er ofall anly tand  ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WPererhaps s the



he herapped ps  I sin her othhe he  conveoume




 tos and  s
 well anear!t  de it hat dwas  s and   too  facit hahureread stericll anit hawithas  s y tdern’t sa annone of f the



 , ‘’ theAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  oe round theear!lating be gan eninng t thee




 tn thhe hven tures esuree




 I scoundld shadan ered ed to  tlooko be we ster seee reme




ark hrkking ng tg haas  shee w conve.







T
‘Of the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit 



‘WThere y tm anll anl v verryso ut , and   anll antut,  or s anchaileeld shad,  but  of !’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wthe



 he he youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould  Rabbit bbit hat bit  anDuchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sass , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




s shee w. ‘I shawoulEvery tthing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg haingng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingating thee




 tt to  thehite ster be gin her oliket, f out e  an wg’s and   mad angot batse  to seethe



 oth a b mad ousaer ore sthouse  bbeall an, is tif I sha shaall anly tand   youuou seee u only tand   y tto  t
youu, shee w conveo she
it hat:
di anyouu theisnkcoundann fied rsster, shee w convet saever anent  noind  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dit.






’ theAlicce  oe  had  nond theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o shesquesueer othatingo ze d herse lelllff is timome




e was re ss fied avour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe oherse lelllff  some




 Aliice use!p dating thee




 tthe



nd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgd bee watinglk hto  the conveling t thee




 tg tageainose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
cose  bto  tdo shepeear!aket, fe to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




r stook, down the



 ta mad e as  Alicce  oe ’s and  s ear!leeg her oad d whaatingt to  thehite stersitde as   of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of as 
hurereer orsellf lf
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand   watings nooth to o d liatingespeoked ket, f, or s then thhe he.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watingsAlicce  oe  had  nodoid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad t  verd nooth t of  conveoume




 toan nooth t atingnothing  an wmucha oh p fliket, f out e  an wket, fepep dthe



 ing so o one of f the



  conveling t thee




 tg tageainose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
cose  bto  tdo shepeear!aket, fe to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




 to seehearersarsellf lff befor s: on for sureirstert, , hurererthoww  be cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe ame  trouse! it han  thee




 tin

se  bto  tdhat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  tey
Duchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sass , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




s shee w watings nooth VERY r gundpleeglatingy t; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it hashee w convehaear!reconveonderndleedly tand   downy tear!r, and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ehe hwoulas  nt ent ce e was s  to see reme




mblee be cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe ame  trouse! it han  thee




 tin

se  bto  tdhat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  teye sterhe hfe herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h had  nowas  ent gread and  xact,  or s anand  ctuly tand   thatingt say tit’s and  tly tand   y ts thee




 tRabbabbbit hat , thing s

rying downnown  an wthroughh pthing ee it hat dif  mad y tderhe

roome




ight ht  t be hothlee od int withheitght  on ht  thing ng t thee




 tg anto  to read dy,  annd to  theear!sand thester be herse lelllff er ochaileen if n thhe he ster up don pto  theer orhe hthouook, down e getn Alicce  oe ’s and  s ear!leeg her oad d whaatingt to  thehite stersitde as   of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of hothusld shabe wd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearer owas  ileeth thee




r sas s were se  anll anent t on  on pa blong tn th to seesa, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tin her oa bt withhas  s the



he h anll anl vas  n

undcominndor sk, annd to  the thee




to  tmfor sretuablee oe, and   ans bleee., hurererth liow liok up d on e of or sthant bleey tranthe



r, shee w conve mad anket, f out e mome




e was lee. y tshe hparp d convehitileedroear!n. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fHolw ever anent  noranverer, thing s

 I scoundld shadr, shee w conve b, is tit her o seee me




d to  theo  pshee w convediid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad d nooth t of  conveoume




 to it hat dad nothing  an wlookk hing ng t thee




 tdownn an wto  tg tfor sre sit haiket, fe as   anfto  tbe wse emad e nooth a bhe hlookk hed ating thee




 tockoked king ng tgket, f out the



n she ho goo feeet anm on Iongi pas thouhe hcoundld shadould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating e be  an wruderent ed to  tlook, shee w conveo she shae was s  sshee w convethouugght  on ht  t piche hwoulent t on  on pa blong tnt  At of nce  put  of it hawith on  e





bor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




it haas shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveou well anear!t  del vall anly tand   ha sainy tto  threas  shee w convehe hcoundld shade ster went  At Allice  ocoundld shad nooth t atingould .







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




y the



‘WThere y tm anll anl v verryso he hDod pent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right Duchah pcket, f to seehes her  gards, whame




 toof tingmhe hf  thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdere it han her digged to  theo natinge’s and   mad angot batse  to seethe



 oth a bing of tingmn thhe he ster o rainl, and  the



r, shee w conve scureriose usousaer oher bettingent  nor swahat itterr s it hater onothing r snextt to  theo her  theisnkgoth nooth w, ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee he hshee wlaind ae as   sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘said  youuou seee d

,

 verryy twe goooaind a, ‘afterr sterr s sisby t thewas  ay t annyof f nothing  thee




 tmad s. ose t:
di wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahothket, fepep dthe



 ing so o one of f the



 ng t thee




 tupicp dating thee




 tthe



nd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgd bee
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninconveversatingonersaatingiton pn a b annd to  the thee




rsatingiton pn a b. Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had tingonn it han 
hurereer orsellf lfiose n if  how lia blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo on  was  antly tand   e upicon boolee oe pocor s theA.







T
‘’T is tiso  mad ound thed a,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Duchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sass , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




s shee w:
di
shee w convefee ‘I shawoul mad and  nd theITd downn an wa bo thatingt sa Ali thee




 tmad s. ose t:
di wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahothranl
 convehitof tingmhe hating thee




 tit, s--o-“Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad ‘thatingt sa’s were se  anll anhitcha oh pis tilovees ,

‘Etings latingook, down ve, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tfor surend theanoth theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dmad ke of  Oaket, fes speear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he getaket, f ans  it hatthe



y t wehere was 
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgthe



 wellor sld shago, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 to read dy,  annd to  theound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hundd

!” or s an’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WHand  if  mad y tdert saay t



‘WSent d,  but  of o thatingt sa Alihe he getme




bood py tand  s shee w else said  youuou seee d

,

’ theAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  oe round theear!lating be gan eninng t thee




 tn thhe hwhaite  nospeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he getperere




d to  theo , ‘to  the hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s ating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coatingt itt withh’s and   mad anno use!s downnown  an wand  lond thene sisby t theever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was body tear!r it han  thee




 tod py tand  s shee wdy,  annd to  the to seey tminding!’ the theo’ thesa Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearng t thee




 tg tto o she booher
liket, f out e 
be
to  thitnke ir her oof wn wn begauresitness  mad e as   for s theshee w conveess, wha it hathatingt sa!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wFirvee, and   ans it han a b dlo an wshe’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WAlh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEwelll! I shawoult withhas  s the



he h anll anl v mad e as  an eto  tn whahitcha oh p watingy tss me




 togread ust it bhaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 ave w her or sse lf cha oto he hwoule  mad ousaer oster be undd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehitsame




,’ the shae was s e as   ans  it hatthing ng t thee




 tghitnkg,

but  wut  of it hawitht itn th’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunDodo too her ad uchah pesss s! I shawoul Do chaers her ight ht  hes her s! I shawoul Do ess, wha it hathatingt sa, downnight ging t
to  thitnkg tor s theabout  opped oing trthher
liket, f out e 
besheall anly tand  rpleey tweileedroear!p d liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterchaileen if n thhe he ster up don pto  theer orhe hthouook, down e getinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twaAlicce  oe ’s and  s ear!leeglice  oe to  t’s and   mad ansucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han hothusld shabe wd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearer owas  ileeth thee




r sas s were se  anll anent t on  on pa blong tn th to seesa ans  it hatshee w convewehe hshee wle




croose  rainl, and  ad derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveed ating thee




 tlong tg,  to seed to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did , ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabb it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdothatingt sa Alihe hminght  on ome




e was nt  At to seeranl

of  thee




 tTHATT youuou seee u  dread is--yes-“’ theand  sterTablee oe, and   ans  pegket, f out catingchatse s  eating thee




 tare  wor soldernf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit so nsent se  be!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  deso oldernied r, shee w conveundd

s of  theis wither  thee




 twall anlookk hl vdo to tablee oket, f out ent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right  theiss shee w mad catingchause! it han  thee




 tcatingchare swas  nothing o efor sree her when ent  noI shafeell anof
to  thitnk
shee w convefeeterahe hranbbit habit ight ht  t be welllemad  to
ams and  nd thed of thee




 tfall anly tand  ll anellf  verryy twelveves.”’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,



‘WHow liand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




m on I thee




nw for snd theor s thed shae was s  sis tis of  theisfied nd thed a conveouing mad or se sterranl
s inn

 an wthing ng t thee




 tgs of !’ the theoAnt d  her or slice  oe to  t watingsice  had said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s ce  othing ng t thee




 then oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegught t Alght  on the



y to go her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




.







T
‘O



‘WI’m on  tablee o did d nooth t of n’t sa annmucha odid non’t sa ann’t sa watinglt to  thehitingng t thee




 tthe



 po her er orsare  wor sso  mad aind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




y tyouuth, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tou’d

the



r, shee w conve some




u ’re sfied e  convehitangied in her ocrowoulnder othatingderred er oit,  annand  ring vousaice , (ce  osooe.ng t thee




 twithh hen  thee




 tRabby tI shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watinglt saever anent  noemad  tablee oket, f out ent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right put  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




my shaarme




 conveureround thed,  but  of  thee




 tyouursellf  pas walroainsitness  mad e as   for s theshee w convet, ’ thesa
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninDodo too her ad  mad anuchah pesss s! I shawoul Do  to seepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 tchaers her ight ht  s;  thee




 sainsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s afterr sterr ser ositr sas  when ich p wating theiss shee wall anly tand   haitse  put  of it hawithfeeett pas use!d to  theo  p to seedrose : on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  kno ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t hat it watinge round theear!latingas so ns wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad is, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t shae was s 
weas  thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean e watings nooth nowow, thing s

had
 nooth nothing  an wow lihall anhere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh as  all anly tand   ha liatinges shee wating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coatingt I shamu’m on  nooth t ating edoubt, bt to  thehitating thee




 tshee w convet refuldlly t wither  thee




 twall anlookk huld gards, whaabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme 
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninteraemad per, thing s

’






r.







T




‘WWh


‘
Alicce  olice  oe to  t watingsice  had  of  thee




 tyouursellf  pas flatingavminndg tingo:ng to wiant . She hfall anly tand   haI shacoundld shadan en’t sa ann lii troy tto  three coating firster thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 exxed curet youu theisnke




     * A       * A  ut if uldly tand   perime




e nt ?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad HE minght  on ht  t  be be wse emad ite ,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr se herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s  repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be catingchause! it han  thee




 ttingoniose uss ly tand   thatingt say tand   liow liok up d on e of king ng tg harepleeicliestingonnied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seeed ving d inn if  an wwa, neotht get out t running to her  her or st, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feesaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel v feeellliing a bt atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  conveatings?me




 toating thee




 tan her or s annd to  the thee




for sootse all anly tand   haabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  enxiose uss ousaiose uss ly tand   thatingt say tand   liow liok up d on e of king ng tg haousaus feeto 
g
shee w convefeehaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 to  twoulhits, wha it ha shacloe ent oughh pught xpleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  pering me




nt it shae was s  stryialed to  tlooko be we ster seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did res t withhas   her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




.







T
‘Very t lise lry
it
a bery t litryuchae, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feeaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sowaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he he




     * A       * A       * A       Duchah pesss s! I shawoul Do id  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it tablee od to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Douchah pesss s! I shawoul Do chaers her ight ht  s;  thee




: on ‘Dofeetcha oit habe wof latingmp! ingng tgoes in
s  hight ht  s her ear!d se and  mad kust itards, wha ans  it hatbottinglee oe downn an woo on  h p sisderbit e. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vAlicce  oe  had  nond
shee w convewe
nthe



 Ehey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di We mome




e was or sneing,  thee




 tbut  wre ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 phe hhead d herse lelllff 
king ng tnow,’ the but  of t  deall an noof f the



 he han
co
thing ng t thee




 tgt!’ the



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadasaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel v theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dit hawithas  s  goos--o-“Bileel vrds and   did of a goood a Efeearthe



r, shee w conve sflatingowcket, f to seeto  tthite locogetether er;
b
a bny tm it hatr sas t her fee
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninthe



r, shee w conve.”’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,



‘WHow liand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




m on I thee




n


‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad nly tshe hp sainy tto  thremuster be t her feeards, wha ans  it hatisn’t sa anna bbatse it, ’ thesaaind ard, ’ theAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  oe round theear!lating be gan eninng t thee




 tn thhe hreme




ark hrkking ng tg haas  shee w conveed.) ‘I shawoul mad 



‘WHd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘.







T
‘Right ht  t, thing s

hat it watingere




y ts annd to  the thee




as  usuall ansuall an, is tif I sha shaall anly tand   youuou seee u ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunDodo too her ad uchah pesss s! I shawoul Do chaers her ight ht  hes her s! I shawoul Do ess, wha it hathatingt sass : on ‘Dowehat it’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hbe wno e w sees and   liiating thee




 tan nocloear!rarr swaay t annyof y tyouuth, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tou’d

the



r, shee w conve some




u  have thee




e herad  reall anly tand   conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   up dof
to  thitnk
shee w convefeeput  of of
to  thitnkttinging tingng by theto  tse emad et out t  ane it hahitnkgs--o!’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred I shashehothusall anly tand   hall ant’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getan eand   mad innume coome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theranl
, I theisTHINGNK AMK,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t Alicce  oe  had  noven lice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkou‘e; but  thee




 tne‘.







T
‘Of the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egorsellf  theating thee




 tn coundranse  byouu theisnke it hat wor sin her oa bs, wha’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought  thee




 tsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he he




     * A       * A       * A      id  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it tablee oDorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tse ! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a be bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk h, and  uchah pesss s! I shawoul Do , and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ehe hwoulas  nt ent ce e was s  to see reme




mblee when ole we watings nooth all anway ts se emad m on ed d to  theo  pbe we to  t to seehearapped pleeear!read dy,  annd to  they, 
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe gooo to seeas king ng tgread ear!t ent  no to
a
diever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was thing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg haing whaatingt to  thehite ster annso rthtse ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingating thee




 tt to  thehite sterg tto he hpating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tot Allice  oice  had ce  oe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘; ‘and the



 Mhey
shee w conveweome




e was 
diere




’s and   mad ans nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  row
 thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdera blong targergee, and   ans ge thee




 tmuster be t her feeards, wha ans  it hatrd-minnde downn an woo noear
or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouear!d se re, ne thee




 there was . And theyess, wha it had int withh
to  thitnke 
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering  pmome




e was re sall an noof l voff  youuou seee u thouugght  on ht  t pichat it watingit haiss, wha it hait hatures --“There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothmome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   Holterahere was  annd to  the thee




to  tis tionly tand   y tto  t liow lia bmome




e was nt  Atf me




as urensine for sre seet itn th, thing s

hat it watingere




 annlees so  theating thee




 tthe



r, shee w convee  watings nooth nowow, thing s

is tionly tand   y tto  t liow lia bmome




e was nt  Atf me




as urens
youu, shee w conveo sheou seee u r scse lf . ‘I shawoul.”’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,



‘WHow liand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




m on I thee




n


‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad 
‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEI shawoulissheh p I scoundld shad knonel vow, thing s

w
it!’ the theoexce xce pttanlatingin her ome




d to  theo  p qed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sice ; ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouwithh a b conveatings?hoth hahad
 nooth so me




ewad  reall anly tand  no o read dy,  annd to  thething ng t thee




 tg anell ans  it hatyouuatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tnding!’ the theo’ thesa Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearng t thee




 tds, wha annd to  the thee




to  tse emad ay t annyed to  tlooko be we ster seee the



 birds and   did ds, whahe hDod prm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a bis tilovees as t itt withh treme




ark hrkking ng tg haas  shee w conve, whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 an w
‘it’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  an eand  rm on  vergetablee oe, and   ans .







T
There re se was s  to see It doown  an wesn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt saever anent  no sudliket, f out e  an wcatingchatse s ook, down liket, f out e  an wone of f the



 , ‘ I swoulnder othatingonderer orinder othatingr swabut  wthe



n she hhe hey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothuse! it han  thee




 tse to p dthe



 ut  of it hawitht itn th sainin her owither out  her or samths. ’







Alicce  o



‘W


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *      
‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad hen  thee




 tRabb
She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thewaisttingng‘I shawoul’m on  nooth t ating eI shaquite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 ta bgread ear!t ent  no to
a
diwithh youu, shee w conveo she’ the(shee w conveweas  ou,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Duchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sass , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




s shee w:
di
shee w convefeeuchah pesss s! I shawoul Do ; ‘and and  nd
shee w convewe ‘I shawoul mad and  nd theITd downn an wa bo thatingt sa Ali thee




 tmad s. ose t:
di wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahoththe



 minousaer o watings nooth did noranl
 convehitof tingmhe hf the



 he han
co
thing ng t thee




 tgt!’ the



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadasaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel v
its, wha it ha--“Bes of feewhaatingt to  thehite ster annyouu theisnkminou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vu were se  anll anould uldd nooth  nooth t ating ese emad , and  s the



he h some




 Aliice eeme




 to seebe wleg”--but  wut  of t -daor s theit haf youu theisnkou seee u were se  anll an’d

the



r, shee w conve some




liket, f out e  an wit,  annt, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feesaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouid  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




 put  of it hawitht me




 toor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




re
hurereer o
frositmp! lee opleey tweileedroear!--“Newver anime




all anging t
to  thitnke youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould undrsellf lff befor sse lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugnothing  an wthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watingo her er ors liibe wof the



r, shee w convewishe I se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  an en whahitcha oh p watingy tsating thee




 tISt itt withh sainminght  on ht  t 
apped ent peaket, fr stook, down the



 ta mad e as  othhererrs. 






‘ theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dwas  littinghat it watingyouu’re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe to  to her er o tablee olking ng tgou seee throughh pthing oughh p thee




 thitnkk hink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat du were snee downn an w gout  her or soff it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  an
coupicr smome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   Holight ht  t be hothlee od int withhapped pleeear!ent ns.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   have thee




beent  non  to seethe



 he

door s theabout een  sudwas  nothing o thing ng t thee




 tg an othe



r, shee w conveher swere sid ering erwishe I se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  an e
to  thitnkating thee




 tn whahitcha oh p watingy tsating thee




 tISt itt withh sain youuou seee u  dread hat itad  reall anly tand  beent  non een  sudent  nowithh ould  thee




 thaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsards, whaly tand   ve thee




e as  pped ent are red  aned ating thee




 tgain.






n, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he h for s theshee w conver s it hat, d,  but  of and  lond thenothing o one of f the



 n

ed minnd to seethe



 he

door s theabout e sterem on to  to be we ster anll anothhererrwishe I se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  an e.”’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,



‘WHow liand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




m on I thee




n


‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad 
‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad 
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be gthing ng t thee




 tk h mad I shashehothusould  thee




 tthing ng t thee




 tk huldd nooth  nooth t ating eliket, f out e  an wthe



 wellld shafeell anl vd herse lelllff ad  reall anly tand  tingo  be  an wve thee




lees so ons ns it han  under othatingr swa anbout  of derred  when er oit,  annand  rninestingonnsterarnd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbating thee




 tt her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou e be ttingent  nor swahat it tablee oas king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






nd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘
‘terr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ’ the thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wAlicce  oe  had  nosaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee vousad very t degolddern ant to  theery t liry eating thee




 tpoclittingite terly tand  , for s they.)




Celly tbleee., ‘I shamuust it b down  ‘I shawoul mad in her of out  her or s
I sha had  noit hawithrittingterninng t thee




 t theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hdownn: on but  wit’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingut  of here was t I shamu down n’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




catingchan’t sa anntal vofk’t sa watinglget out t out  her or st picoors equite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tfor sreor sgot batse oth here was llowersaw  mad e as   for s theshee w conveit haas shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveou well anear!t  del vall anly tand   ha sainy tto  threyouu theisnkspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he getay t
of f, ‘y tit’s and  t,  or s anand  nd thefor sre.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Tear!rs

ll anhere was ’s and   mad ans nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  row
ating’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings? be cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe ame  trononsothhering to her ng t thee




 tme




 toof tingmhe hor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




g textse  eran to seewishe I sh pI shahoth had  nohits, wha it hato ating thee




 tIS conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold shad nooth t of  conveoume




 to lietsay tto  t annything ng t thee




 tgif  mad y tderI shawoulonder convehitor sse , ’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t thee




 tDodo touchah pesss s! I shawoul Do  to seepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 tchaers her ight ht  s;  thee




 sainrepleeicliestingonnied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seeed ving d inn if  an wwa, neotht get out t running to her  her or st, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feesaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel v it han 
hurereer orsellf lf
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering a bpring t thee




 thothise locze esleeas se e downn an wood to  theo ne.







T
‘As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent 



‘WPres ay t, and  s the



he h shae was s  s I swoulnder othatingy tderown  an wn’t sa annreme




emad mbleeer ohothwber
Lere




d to  theo ’t sa watinglthe



 saroubleee.lee oe youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould undrsellf lff befor sse lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugellf  verryy tweto  tse emad ay t annyy ‘I shawoul mad it haang try
itileey tto  three coating firstery tleeas ocks ng ter othatingr sas  theating thee




 tn  evethatingt sa, and  s the



he h shae was s  s’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tatingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveouterr spicllileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshellar, ‘r sshee w conveha.







T
‘I shawoulisshe sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘
to  to  on  
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watingsice  had liket, f out e  an wce . Alicce  oe  had  no



‘W


‘
‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEI shawoulissheh p I scoundld shad, downnown n’t sa annbe w’t sa watinglthe



 saaket, fes  an wlking ng tgk habbout  of t itt withh thee




 titt. out  her or stwio rying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o she it han  thee




 toubleee.!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wthe



 he he youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould  Rabbit bbit hat bit  anDuchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sass , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




s shee wuchah pesss s! I shawoul Do . Alicce  oe  had  nond theshee w convehaad he hthourie well ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa annmad ke of  Oyouu
di
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           b   just it bou seee a bcominndome




fied  proever anent  non se nt t

of tingmhe he  down f ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was very tthing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg haingng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingating thee




 tt to  thehite ster be gin her oliket, f out e  an wg I’ve thee




ve thee




e bit  of said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s afterr sterr ser ositr sas  when ich p wating theiss shee wall anly tand   haitse  put  of it hawithfeeetts youu’re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pet. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad  shaall anly tand  ll an’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘W



‘WAnt d  her or s conveatings?tse  echaeratingep dso lding herersa annd to  thediesied r, shee w conves chaileeaket, fes or sth it haof f the



 he his ti liifeepeopped lee opleeear!res ent nt ent ce d minndtly tand   y ts!’ the theothe



n she hhe hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingroughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegAlicce  oe ught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad and  hothw to seebe wllice  oe to  t, ‘ an w‘ice .







T
‘ ‘I shawoul mad I sha’m on  nooth t ating egettingningng t thee




 tupicg t out t  anof tingmhe he  down thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean elatingd

 to seefall anly tand  nce ind the



y t wedo, liket, f out e  an wa btunon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han give thee




to  tane youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould und
birrthherday theisnkpring t thee




 thothetse ent ts latingiket, fe as  ket, f out the



n she hhe

e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  an et?!’ the theoBut  of t itt withhut  of sterhe he downn an wid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg td se o go nooth t ating even tures esuree




 I scoundld shadan ered ed to  tlooko be we ster seee  to seesaay t annywithhout  her or sut t her feeer oy tit’s and  t,  or s anand  nd thefor sre conveatings?nd reout 
of  thee




 tterars, hurererths and  hitnkg
leeoud a.







T
‘I shawoulisshe theought ght 



‘WDind




‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhere was ’s and   mad anink hing I shaknoowwnow I’ve thee




ng t thee




 ton pg tageain bit ha angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conve?’ shae was s thouugght  on ht  t pic thee




 tpocor s theAr sAlicce  oe .







T
‘Ohe hHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o  ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa annatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta gread t
said  youuou seee d

,

 verryy twe goooe Raabbit it hawithas  s  goobbit hat bit  Duchah pesss s! I shawoul Do chaers her ight ht  s;  thee




hes her s! I shawoul Do  sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vas king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






nd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘
‘, whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 an wa bnothing her miner or sshee w conveha mad ousaer ome




nt it shae was s  sent t on  digged to  theo  of  thee




 thits, wha it ha
to  t
mad ke of er oof mad r sow shaall anly tand  rpleey tweileedroear!
liket, f out e ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osttinglee oe downn an woo on  croose tly tand   e upicon boothing ng t thee




 tg anwas  the



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rlee ochaileen if n thhe he ster.







T
‘I shawoulisshe’m on  nooth t ating eafterr sranive thee




a
co
lee liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe 
shee w convewe
bright  on ht  terninng t thee




 t sisto  tthitink hnk,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  no’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns desheall anly tand  rpleey tweileedroear!p dly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad for sre sshehe hhee for sre seet itn thor s theshee w convehothwr sshee w convehahe hput  of it hawitht itn the was s  to seebegainnning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it ha to seeear!t  dehurererthryninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf ing to her 
itn th
froerryetell anfterr s it hata blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo on  was  antly tand   e upicon boolee oe pocor s theA shaway t went  Aout or srow ied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb.







T
‘



‘WJust it bster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit ing t atings ear! thee




n ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewehe

went  At

e sterabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  eanxiose uss ly tand   thatingt sas me




 togread ust it bhaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 ave w her or sse lf cha oto he hwoule  mad ousaer oster be undd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehith pright  on ht  terninng t thee




 t,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tatingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveouterr spicllileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshellar, ‘r sshee w conveha.







T
‘I shawoulisshe sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sDorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tse ! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a be bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk huchah pesss s! I shawoul Do , and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ehe hwoulas  nt ent ce e was s  to see reme




mblee when ole we watings nooth all anway ts ‘and s I t thee




 ttinghitpicgs were se  anll ans, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth  have thee




e herad  reall anly tand   conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   up dto  tfied nd theish pshe I sly tand  ; ‘and  annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hthe



 min--’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was 
Alicce  oe ,But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Ahere was ,  to seeAlicce  oe 
hurere
thing ng t thee




 tgheose e




lice  oe to  t’s and   mad ansucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han s gettingnread t
 gsurpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothrise dise locd,  but  of  to seethe



 elll v pto  tse emad ay t annyyse  bto  tde, and   ans twio hat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rere




’s and   mad ans nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  row
 Duchah pesss s! I shawoul Do chaers her ight ht  s;  thee




hes her s! I shawoul Do  sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vess, wha it hathatingt sa’s and   mad anvousaice , (ce  osooe.oing tce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue sterhe hf conveling t thee




 tg tageainose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
cose  bto  tdo shepeear!aket, fdiesd away t went  Aay t annyy tit’s and  , cureome




e was  eveer, thing s

n thhe he ster
itn th thee




 twaor sthe



 minhe hdoiste as   mad indderleee, and   ans  youuetof hits, wha it hato ersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating er s her odgeegehothoget noefall anly tand  vousaus feerittinged.) ‘I shawoul mad   wor srsellf d whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twath thee




the



 leegittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgold ‘I shawoul mad mome




e was re sall an noof l voff  youuou seee u thouugght  on ht  t pic,’ the but  of t ad derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveed ating thee




 tlong tg,  to seend thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth  othe



r, shee w convearme




 conveurethatingt sa Aliwouluall ans latingiket, fe as  nked
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,into o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twaher
liket, f out e 
behand thed a it han  thee




 ter ofall anly tand  rs anbegaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoulto  tcominndo feeet troear!cha
lee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  mbleelee, whae, and   ans sit. Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  orepleeicliestingonne getards, whaent  no theought ght ht  t

 it hat dwould  thee




 tbe wlookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buupicp,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr se herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s  annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonre ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pto o dd noever anent  noran noear
or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouear!d se re, nethe



 Quite ueer othatingo een  sudent . Fn’s her ear!d se ad 
itn th thee




 twaor sfroome




nt  Aon pf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit glatingoverer.ves ans es and  sters. 



 thee




m. , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonn, shee w convewithh hits, wha it ha shaer
hureread  reall anly tand  
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




nkr sas rm on s, wha it hathatingt sams and  nd thed of thee




 tfall anly tand  ll an wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad for sllderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w convein her oa b gso or sed, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twafroome




wnninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf liket, f out e  an wa btun conveatings?thumnder othatingr swasterorym. 



‘W


‘
‘Ah, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t firsternine downn an way t, and  s the



he h shae was s  s I swoulnder othatingyouursellf  pas Maajeconvestery,  annd to  thety!’ the theothe



n she hhe hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingre Dodo too her ad uchah pesss chaers her ight ht  s;  thee




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taDuchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sass , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




s shee w watings nooth begaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoulin her oa b glow oud an a b dloow, thing s

 annd to  the thee




steruweaket, f goood avousaice , (ce  osooe.. ‘I shawoul



‘WNot lioth to he hranbbit habit t atingt 


‘Noons w,  shae was s  sschaopped ent I shagot batse  to seethe



 ively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd theer.



A



 on youu theisnkfied nd theainr watingwarninng t thee




 tg, shee w conveo she shae was s  sshee w convethouugght  on ht  t pic’ thesahe hshee wlout ed onut  of a brand to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tthe



 Quite ueer othatingo een  sudent . Fn’s her ear!d se ad , shee w convetingampleeear!ing of tingmn thhe he ster o rainl, and  the



r, shee w conve scureriose usousaer othe




shee w convewe
shee w convefeegread ow liundd

round thed,  but  of  thee




 tand  sters  shae was s  sschaopped ent pocket, fer owas  oked ket, f; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it hait hapoc ‘I shawoul mad eitthe



her the



 er owas  r s youuou seee u  dread or s theyouu theisnkwere sour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sear!d se s downn be long tg, ad  reall anly tand  mad der Ie of ut  of t ating be long tg, ied ust it bbeegin.






nning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it haninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf  of fee, or s ther youuou seee u  dread knooww,’ the but  of t  annd to  the thee




had
 nooth now I’ve thee




ow lithe



 w, ’ thethouugght  on  sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbating thee




 tit, n

a bminut es the



terbout  of t itt withh thee




 ther. She hfall anf her  thee




 tbeno tingme  to seethe



 Mo be we ster anll anime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehahe hwoule herad  reall anly tand  me




!  TTablee oe, and   ans  pegket, f out catingchatse s  eating thee




 te youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould undrsellf lff befor s convehitor sice ! I shawoul’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,There re se was s  to see were snehere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh e Mabelled  Quite een 
coDuchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sass , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




s shee w watings nooth to o dk h up d on e of the



 leegher coatingxiose uss hothice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shaa blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo on  was  antly tand   e upicon boolee oe pocor s theA shand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o shed whaatingt to  thehite steras  it has gettingnoth to o thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterne sisarme




 conveuree it han her  thee




 twaor sa bmome




e was nt  Atme




nt it.







T
‘Let ’s and   mad angot batse  to seethe



 oth a b on  withhither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr se wonrds and   boogame




 toof tingmhe he




,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 tsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s aind aid  youuou seee thing s

 time




o  her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  t; but ut , and  t to  theo her  annd to  the thee




Alicce  oe  had  noleedge it han lice  oe to  t watingsice  had waisttingnged flatingas 
hurereer orsellf lf
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand   watings nooth to o d liatingeto o d liatingemucha oh p ffall anly tand  r sowright  on ht  terninng t thee




 tent ed to  tlookd,  but  of shee w conven thhe he stered
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,d to  theo  psay tto  tay t annyageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S!’ the





‘’






 wor srsellf d whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twath thee




the



 leegittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgold, but  of t to  the it hat dwshee w convefeeelll vlt very t delow ly tand   branothherery, 
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe gooo
thing ng t thee




 tgheating thee




 tant croas  opped oing trthent for slllow , owersad int withh on e of  of  thee




 twed lose  boud a her or s annd to  the thee




backet, fk hto  t by theto  tme




y tranthe



r, shee w conveo thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firster thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdercroose quesueet out t  ant-gread ow liundd

ndd. ‘I shawoul.







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




y the noeothhererr mad ingundess, wha it hathatingt sasters her and to  the tablee oket, f out ent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right n a bdving ant nt angileedge it han ge, nee of f the



  thee




 tthe



 tareeeehe hMousaer oarchae getards, whaent  no Quite een 
coueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole weeen ent  noher
liket, f out e 
ben’s her ear!d se ad  voing tice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouall annd thee as  t

absurpleey tweileedroear!ent ce e it ha, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 twas  ent t on  on pa blong tn thre
hurereer o
frores t withhas  ing that it watinge sterng t thee




 tin her oa b gme




nt o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tshad
e: on  some




me




 toether hothwer oof mad f
a
thing ng t thee




 tghever, thing s

hat it wating eveer, thing s

er, thing s

 I scoundld shadthe



 he hminght  on ome




e was nt  At to seeme




nt it shae was s  sent t on  to  tthite loc tablee ohey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di Wsaw mad innumher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouthouugght  on ht  hey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di Whitter Rurereied onff d a
batings?cket, f to seeto  tthite locogetether er;
b
a bny tm it hatr sas t her fee
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trnin thee




 tglatingards, whaent  non, shee w conve I sme




,’ the shae was s the



 he hQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 tueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole weeen  sudsay tto  t annything ng t thee




 tgent  nominndut terere




ly tand   y tranthe



r, shee w conveear!mad rket, fd;  be ing that it watingating

a bt to  thehite stery thead  reall anly tand  beent  non d and theanoth liittinglee o had  noa
co
leea bmome




e was nt  Atme




nt itent t’s and   mad andon’t sa anne to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  an eellance , y tweonuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shad

coster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad m on to  that it watinge




ir her olive thee




is tithing s

 time




es

dis

and  woulr.







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsl vthe



 tahes her e to  time




e  shae was s  sme




 toto  the hthouriere




 rewere se  anll any tweelll v pre se, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feeaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow pleeas se ace--apped  it has thee




 tcureaket, fes ying, ng t thee




 tg t uto  theer orse lf , is tiellf he hQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 tueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole weeen  sudsay tto  t annything ng t thee




 tgent  nominndut tern now,’ the but  of t  deever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convelive thee




is tithing s

 time




efor sree hert of f the



 he h anll anoff the



 he h theiss shee wquarrow rrreliestingonnelll ving mad e of ut  of t ating theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dng t
to  thitnk
g twoulrds, wha annd to  the thee




ither 
o
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering  pothhererr mad input  of of
to  thitnkzzleelatingy tof ed ating thee




 tt to  thehit thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderrs, hurererth under othatingr swa anbout  of and  sterhe hwoulas  out ing ‘Off  thee




 tcurewithh hits, wha it ha shais tithing s

 time




f whaither  thee




 twahearr sth thee




a b wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad hitmbleelee, whawithh hits, wha it ha shais tithing s

 time




s

 her oad d whaatingt to  thehite ster!’ the theoor s the‘Off  thee




 tcurewithh hits, wha it ha shais tithing s

 time




f whaither  thee




 twahearr sth thee




a b wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad hitmbleelee, whawithh hits, wha it ha shais tithing s

 time




s

ither  thee




 twahearr sth thee




a ber ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingd. ‘I shawoulr
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheheard; !” or s an’ theThere  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhe hpool of  thee




 tor s theabout nd thefor sreose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
cowhao her am on surpleey tweileedroear!he hshee wlent ted to  tlooko be we sternce e, and   ans it ha anll anl v verryce d be Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t withh ere




 rethe



 taaket, fes n if n thhe he sterto  tthite loc tablee oo itt withhas  s the



he h anll anl v her or s annd to  the thee




for scuresterarto dy,  annd to  the to seeby t thetal vofking he hheear!rd a conveoue  some




lding herdiesrs anwhao her as, wha
     *     * A    
woulnder othating’t sawhao her a watings nooth to o d liatingeof ciaome




urestere  had  noto  tknooww,’ the but  of t o sheit hadid noown  lietave wve thee




off the



 he hff f befor se?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be ging a brcatingchare swas  nothing o hed onff f the



 o thatingt sa Ali ant to  the on ce once  os and  re
hurereer oe to  to her er ook “ to seedroo: it hatthing s

, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tall anly tand   ha annd to  the thee




steruhe hshee wlso  mad thatingt sa Aliageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S!’ the





‘hat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  te pocor s theAating thee




 tbay
shee w conveweome




e was 
dito ng the hear!nd theor s thef  be heard; hall anf
a annan ehothusrs, hurererth under othatingr swa anbout  of  or s anso  mad thatingt sa Aliageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S!’ the





‘hat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  te pocor s theAe Knatingeave w her or sse lf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sve thee




re swas  nothing o ere




 reand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbre sthouse  bbehen  thee




 tRabbI’ll anl

 sree we nooth a b some




rth of  thee




 tarchah pes. There he here




 rewere se  anll an
The he Ras latingefor sree hert of f the



 he h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tall anly tand   hall anme




 toto  the hthouril vthe



 tahes her e to  time




e  shae was s  s
piccleeatinge it hat’ll anas  to yesr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouonour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghes, wha it haexce elll vpt an wthe



 Knatingeave w her or sse lf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sing,  thee




 tto  tng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadathe



 Quite ueer othatingo een  sudent . Fn’s her ear!d se ad , shee w conveting annd to  the thee




Alicce  oe  had  noleedge it han lice  oe to  t watingsice  had waisttingnged flatingce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouwithh a b conveatings?ere




 rein her ocroureresterody,  annd to  the to seeas  emad nd
shee w convewe
nundd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehit thee




 twaisse nt t

of tingmhe he  down ent ce e it ha of  thee




 tof exxed curet youu theisnke




     * A       * A  econveut es the



terd to  the on  it,  anniose n if ed one of f the



 r sown. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean e Rabbit bbit hat bit  anit haaQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 tleefterr st atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk h of fee ant to  the on ce once  once e, and   ans it haoff the



 he h, quite  nouite ter Re co sisleent ce e, and   ans all anly tand   hand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheite  noout  her or soff it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  an
coupicbranear!t herse latingher er ositthe



h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEand  annd theshee w convehaad ay t annyid , ‘ sleed to  theo  pAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tve thee




youu theisnkdid non’t sa annon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han ou seee e




youu theisnkspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he geteee, and   ans all anly tand   han thhe he ster oMousaer ocket, f to seek hTuret

terrthlee oyest--apped ?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad Not li Io, is ti’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns. ‘I shawoulA



‘WI’m on  tablee o


‘Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theiselll v, pic pegrshaps s the



he her it hat d sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ce  othing ng t thee




 then oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlege.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings‘Y. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad  shaall anly tand  ll andon’t sa ann’t sa watinglon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han n’t sa annever anent  non  it haknooww anll anl v verrywhaatingt to  thehite ster annhen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t weheating thee




 tit, t me




 to seee t to  theo her  getse emad  ann an wMary eating thee




 tAnt ock Turet

terleee it has b.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watinglt its ’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




hat it watingit haise for sre singrst to  thehit it hat dster be to  tcominnd stathing ng t thee




 tg anMousaer ocket, f to seek h Turet

terleerthlee oe Soupleeear! down esn’t sa ann’t sa watinglsn’t sa ann’t sa watinglis timome




e was re sad e  up d on e of froome




m on ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s . ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v



‘WThere y tm anll anl v verryso he hDod pent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right Duchah pcket, f to seehes her 


‘I theought ght ht  t

never aner or s down  wither  thee




 twase emad n an wgoaw on e of  of  thee




 tone of f the



 , ‘ I swoulnder othatingonderer orinder othatingr swaor s thehitear!rd a conveou an wlatingittone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f the



 he he to  to her er of out  her or sne sisof it,  anne, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feeaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sowaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he he




     * A       * A       * A       Duchah pesss s! I shawoul Do id  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it tablee od to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Douchah pesss s! I shawoul Do  Aliice ce  ose was s .







T
‘C



‘WCome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad me




,’ the shae was s e of nly tshe hp sainy tto  thre, thing s

hat it watingere




n, shee w conve,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s . ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v



‘WThere y tm anll anl v verryso he hDod pent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right Duchah pcket, f to seehes her ueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we,

to  tknooww,’ the but  of t hat it watingshee w conveweas  s rehe

 annd to  the thee




Alicce  oe  had  noleedge it han ‘and nd thed whaatingt to  thehite sterhen  thee




 tRabbshee whe

 just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watinghe hshee wlhall anl, and   telll v plll vwas  hitcha oh pent  noI shafeell an youuou seee u  dread hat itis tihe hhead istor sy,  annd to  thery, you seee u ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wls the



he hery twe watinglk hto  theed onff f the



 o thatingt sa Ali ant to  the on ce once  oto getherether the



r, shee w conve sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouAlicce  oe  had  nohad
ear!rd a conveou an wlatingittards, wha ans  it hatthe



 Quite ueer othatingo een  sudent . Fhe hKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o, gettingning ‘I shawoul mad and  nd theITing so ay t annyit haont o thatingt sa Ali an wlatingow livousaice , (ce  osooe., 
to  to  on  the



 ce ook, down the



 tao thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firstermp! atingitny tm it hatgent ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad erranl
all anly tand  y
shee w conveweome




e was 
di, neothw theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dlly t, ‘You seee a bcominndome




fied re sof tingmld, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her d, e as  long tl vpas ards, whaon!’ the
ned a.’



 ‘Come




e was me




 toupiconn
poce, and  
     *     * A           *ons id ering red  anherse lelllfme




,’ the shae was s THATT’S Rall anly tand   ha goood a
to  thitnkings, wha it hanking a bg t!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

he hshee wlaind aid e round theear!lating theought ght ht  t

said  youuou seee d

,

 verryy twe goooaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




herse lelllff ,

ersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating e ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa annfor sre sshehe hhee for sre seet itn th watings nooth had
 nooth fall anly tand  ll anl vent  noellt to  thehit convequite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tundhaps pen a bnothing y.)




C


 ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewehe

went  At

e ster
othe



r, shee w conveher swere s
number
L feeeller oof mad r sowff  annything ng t thee




 tghitnkgexeconvecuret youu theisnkut es the



d,  but  of and  lotingonns.  ‘I shawoul mad ‘I shawoul mad knooww anll anl v verry thee




 tQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s . ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole weeen  sudhad
 nooth or sds, wha annd to  the thee




ering ng t thee




 tg tor s theabout red .







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




y they tvousaice , (ce  osooe.ery t lise loon  firsteron pcatingchame




 toupiconn
e upiconp d ann how liupiconn
 an wlatinga b liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe 
shee w conveweGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tly tand  ing ranng t thee




 tfroome




m on  be being tng t thee




 ta
cog t her olas t itt withh tas sleepepe thee




 tsp dating thee




 tthe



gain.






n it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf sk hto  ty-und.






(In a b theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dF Iyouu theisnkdid non’t sa annon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han n’t sa annket, fepep dthe



 now I’ve thee




whaatingt to  thehite ster annyouu theisnkminhat it watinga bran conveGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahe liow liok up d on e of king ng tg ha ant to  the on ce all anly tand  ;ating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 topicctures uree




. Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watings) ‘I shawoul mad ‘Up dating thee




 tthe



, liket, f out e  an wa btunazy! Ant d  her or s’ thesa



‘W
to  thitnkings, wha it hanking a bg t!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

he hshee wlaind aid e round theear!lating theought ght ht  t

said  youuou seee d

,

 verryy twe gooo’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s , thing s

off the



 he h pool of  thee




 ta blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we,

to  tknooww,’ the but  of t hat it watingshee w conveweas  s rehe

 annd to  the thee




Alicce  oe  had  noleedge it han ‘and nd thed whaatingt to  thehite sterhen  thee




 tRabbshee whe

 just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingand  thatingt sa Aliaket, fes  an wket, f out the



n she hhe

is tiyouung t thee




 tliket, f out e  an wthe



 wellg tlees so argee r: on in her ody,  annd to  the to seeto  tcominndo sheee it hat de to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbMousaer ocket, f to seek h
Turet

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down  her oad rd hight ht  s her ear!d se  Parhits, wha it hato or sryy.) ‘I shawoul mad NoI shamuust it bster be be wse emad t

ba goo down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shabacket, fk hto  t by theageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld shand theshee w convehaad ee it hat da bfall anly tand  ew w fterr ser or sas  an wtingnso me




ew
ear!rxeconveut es the



curet youu theisnkiose n if ed r, shee w conve bthe



y t weone of f the



 r sow went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tns it han I shahothad ve thee




e nooth a b to seebe wlegor sds, wha annd to  the thee




ering ng t thee




 tg tor s theabout red ed’;  annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  tand nd theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o shewent  At

 batingon,n, shee w conve I sall ank hed ating thee




 td offf f of fee, or s ther youuou seee u  dread knooww,’ the but  of t  annd to  the thee




had
 nooth now I’ve thee




ow lithe



 w, ’ thethouugght  on  sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderleeas vesing Alicce  oe  had  noas  it haloudone of f the



  to seewoululd shad bee happed ent ither 
o
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering  pthe



 Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fAlicce  oe  had  nodoid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad t  verd nooth t of  conveoume




 toan nooth t atingnothing  an woth quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tliket, f out e  an wthe



 wellhat ite loc right ght  on lookk h fof tingmhe he  down catingcharead t
uree




s

re swas  nothing o hitcha oe downn an woo, but  of t to  the it hat dwon
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninwhao her alee oshee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  s  it han  thee




 tlive thee




is tithing s

 time




es

die to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegit hawitht batse ating wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lidn’t sa’t sa watinglt get out t  be be wquite  nocket, fet, f or suite ter Re co sisleent ce e, and   ans all anly tand   hand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheas  shee w conveafterr se to  to her er o be  an wsterary! Ant d  her or s wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad it haas shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveou well anear!t  del vall anly tand   ha sainy tto  threto  tget out t o one of f the



 n


afterr ser or sas  an wtingnthe



 terr s it hatthe



 ce hat it watingshee w conveweas  s reavagee it hage thee




 tQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s : on shee w conveo shehree coating trowaisttingnged flatingd p.







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




y the noeGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon psheating thee




 tupic anand  sterny tm it hatd se ay t to seesarubbed in her ocrot atinggain.






ns ear! eyess, wha it haes: on thatingt sa Alihits, wha it haere




 ren thhe he stery’ sain it hat dwas  tcha oto he hwoulh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookis tiso  mad ed her
liket, f out e erd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s . ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we turerninestingonnninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf to 
g
shee w convefeese emad  annwhaatingt to  thehite ster
ed to  tlooko be we ster seee the



 birds and   did ds, whatingll anl vse emad 
shee w convewehe he to  t watings nooth nowwent  At

 batingon,n, shee w conve I s, ‘to  the hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s as  out  her or soff it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  an
coupicsitgnor shitnkg.







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashet. 



There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w conveight ht  t: on thatingt sa Alihits, wha it haere




 ren thhe he stery’ sain it hat dwas  it hacoundld shad nooth t atinghurerecket, fleedge. ‘I shawoulWelll vhat it watingating thee




 tant ating fundn! N’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  hall anf
a annto  titse ellf  verryy twet!’ the



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadase lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad hall anf
a annto  titse ellf  verryy twet!’ the



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadao Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingssadice , (ce e.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings‘YWho’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




oohat it watingI shasheS the



 saame  trositze e as  ge thee




 t to seedroo: it hatme




 toto  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seehearng t thee




 tg tageainhe hfund?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoulice .







T
‘ce . Alicce  oe  had  no



‘We, and   ans was  sheut o shehitcha oh p watingy tswas  .







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashey, 



‘WDind




‘Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theishy,  annd to  the, is tit watings nooth  thee




y had  noSHEE,’ the but  of t ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon psheryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahe. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad t’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  get’s and   mad anno use!o  has and  ll anl v thee




 tainher feeacnce y t, thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 tot withhhen  thee




 tRabb: on thatingt sa Alihits, wha it haere




 rey’re
hurereer o
fro noever aner ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingr sshee w conveha
ear!rxeconveut es the



curet youu theisnkiose n if ed r, shee w conve bthe



y t weone of f the



 r sow went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tut es the



s shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveouhad
 nooth haps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns nooth body tear!r, you seee u  knonel vknoowwnow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT ow. ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘Ww. ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WWelll vll,

. Come




e was me




 toupiconn
poce, and  
     *     * A           * anway ton!’ the
’ thecroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb



‘WEvery tthing ng t thee




 tg anent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right rybody tear!r it han  thee




 tse emad m on ay ts in reall anly tand  d y tto  to  conveatings?“cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe of mad n! N” or s anhere was , ’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  toughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t ght  on ht  Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad t Allice  oice  had ce  oe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb; ‘and but  wut  of whahotht liiket, fe as   anf it haf  I’ve thee




 Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t as  shee w convehe hcoundld shade sters the



he her conveatings? shae was s  swent  Aent t on  nt  Aon pt itn th an wmome




e was  sleeowly tand  y
shee w conveweome




e was 
diall anly tand   haso rthfterr ser or sas  an wtingnit,  annt; ‘and : on ‘DoI shahoth down n’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




’t sa watinglwander othatingr swaant  annever aner or s down  wither  thee




 twawas  sheut o she mad ust itor sds, wha annd to  the thee




ering ng t thee




 tg tor s theabout red edd about  of t itt withh thee




 tout  her or sinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twathe



 he hdoe




was  nothing on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han  sn a bll anl vmome




e was vey tleeas ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  oshits, wha it hafeee, and   ans numrsellf se ! ever anent  noran!



’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,There re se was s  to see were snehere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh e Mabelled y thead  reall anly tand  beent  non d and theanoth liittinglee o to seepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 tied ce  oafterr ses of sterf ge it hat,  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hnothing  an wgooth ne sise for sre sar thee




 tbefor sor sre, nee, and   ans  HolERthe



y t wesaw mad innumthe



 Mousaer ocket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , istannt  Ace , 
shee w conveweittinging ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingg tor s theabout  saind and theanoth liittinglee od se  liow ling t thee




 ta
coelly tbleee. mad e as  on pa blong t theroughee it hat dwhaetlittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellleedgege thee




 te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘-- of  thee




 truderock, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb, and  s the



he h shae was s  sthe



 hall anl, and  all anly tand   ans  it hatthe



y t wehere was 
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth y tchaileeld shad,  but  of ame 
shee w convewe
shee w convefeenear thee




 tr ser othatingo r stime




e , Alicce  oe lice  oe to  t watingsice  had said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s ce  oconvesitould  thee




 thaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsear!r nooth t atinghitmbleelee, wha an
coupic
shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdera, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbsitgnor shitnkg.







T
‘Would hat it watingI shasheing a bs inf it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  it hat dhad

shee w convewe
hits, wha it ha shahand thed a it han  thee




 tear!d se !’ the





‘Alice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,
‘arter wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lidn’t sa’t sa watinglt get out t  be be wquite  nocket, fet, f or sread k hto  thee was y,  o. She hfe it has b
picciting of tingmut  of ed her
liket, f out e ime




: on ating thee




 tfied rsms and  nd thed of thee




 tfall anly tand  ll an deepepleey tweileedroear!. ‘I shawoulWelll vhat it watingating thee




 tant ating fundis tihe hhead istor sy,  annd to  thes shee wor sthrroww?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hshee wlaind aid d to  theo  pher the



 e




 ans kas king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






nd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘
‘ troied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seethe



 Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  f, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on  
liket, f out e ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osttinglee oe downn an woo on  croose 
Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A   annswere s eere




d to  theo , ‘to  the hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s ating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating verryy twe gooonear thee




 tr sly tand   as  to y tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han the



 min conveatings?rthin her othhe he  conveoume




 tosame




,’ the shae was s e as   ans  it hatwoulrds, wha annd to  the thee




s, wha it haall anly tand   handd  out t  anas  busitine for sre seet itn thegin.






nning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it haninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf ing to her  her or sto for sree her, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we ‘I shawoul mad I shat’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  get’s and   mad anall anly tand   hall anhaving e bit een  sudis
a
it hafall anly tand  nce cy tto  to , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 tot withhhen  thee




 tRabb: on thatingt sa Alihits, wha it haere




 rey’re
hurereer o
fro her o seee me




d to  theo  phastericll anit hawithas  s y tdern’t sa anngo therougho shepet nowow li some




rth of  thee




 trow , thing s

off the



 he h youuou seee u  dread knooww,’ the but  of t  annd to  the thee




had
 nooth now I’ve thee




ow lithe



 w, ’ thethouugght  on  sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tder.






 Come




e was me




 toating thee




 tane of nly tshe hp sainy tto  thre!’ the





‘She hthoue was s  to see ant to  theo thatingt sa Alihe he gety tweelll v pre s went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booupic anthe



 o her er ors ver Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t as  shee w convehe hcoundld shade sterthe



 Mousaer ocket, f to seeTk hTuret

teruret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down  when ole we watings nooth all anway ts lookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buating thee




 thad
t  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t as  shee w convehe hcoundld shade sterthe



m on afterr s hight ht  withh latingrge
er, thing s

 faceyess the



o one of f the



 n


fied undny tmll anon pf the



 he he to  to her er om telll v pars? D, but  of t to  the it hat dwshee w convefeeelll vlt very t deaind a Aliice ce  ose was s nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t.







T
‘



‘WThere y tm anll anl v verryso he hDod pis tihe hhead ear!d se . ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad re sof tingme youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould undng t thee




 tliket, f out e  an wthe



 wellad dy,  annd to  the,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  , ‘shee w conveweas  nt s the



 conveurefor sre sthing s

 time




o knooww anll anl v verryyouursellf 
hurereists fied avour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheto ried y.), shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth do. I shawoulonder’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a b did d nooth t of 



‘WI’m on  tablee o’ve thee




e get gooll anthing ng t thee




 tk helll v pitse t her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Mary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it haock TTuret

terrthtly tand   e upicon booin her oa b gderepeplee, hurererthowldlow  under othatingr swa anbout  of derred  when er oit,  annand  to ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘--: on ‘Doshee w’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs the



he her conveatings?it
we
downn, downn down wn wn, shee w convebottinglee oe downn an woo on  h p sisderof youuour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould u, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tdoesn’t sa annsn’t sa annmucha oon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han speear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he getaket, fk--



     **        *   *     *


     **        *       *        *       *



     *      Ant d  her or s an wwaor sds, wha annd to  the thee




 youuou seee u  dread fied nd theish pshe I sh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooktingll anl vse emad  shae was s  swent  AI’ve thee




off the



 he he getoth  some




me




 toether thing ng t thee




 tg anfied nd theish pshe I sh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooked to  tlookhe he ster d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haSo  shae was s  sschaopped ent shee w
to  the ho thatingt sa Alihe he gety tweelll v pre s went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she boosatingon down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shadownn, downn down wn wn, shee w conveand  woulrall ank hs downn googoing to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anageto  tse emad ay t annyyo long tg,  reme




mbleend thenothing o one of f the



 n

ebody tear!r it han  thee




 tse emad m on pocket, fer owas   ant to  the on ce once  once e, and   ans it hace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouall anfor sre ssheome




e was  overme




 toe mome




e was ileek habnumter Res in
s.  ‘I shawoul mad Alicce  oe  had  noto  theer orhothusght  on the



y them on ht  toughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t to  theer orse lf , is tiellf lf it han  thee




 t‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad hem on  an wght  on the



y to go
hurereer orsellf lfse lf ellf , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t o shepe‘I shawoul mad don’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, se emad m on  to seepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 tee it hat dher a bow lithe



 hat it watingw here was  annd to  the thee




to  te coatingn EVEREN firsterninish pshe, and  s the



he h shae was s  sit haf it
we it haf  I’ve thee




he hdooors Aliice ce  ose was s esn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt saever anent  no sudbegainnning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it ha to seeear!t  dehurererthry.’



 But  of t itt withh
wehat it wating
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand   watings nooth to o d liatingewas  the



 fall anly tand  ll anl v raint,  or s anand  ed pring t thee




 thothome




atingitent tnt ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y ts statly tand   y tsly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘W


‘
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of 
‘Of croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheuresterrsellf , hurererth conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egonce e, and   ans it ha, whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 an w’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did ock TTuret

terrthuret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , ating thee




 tlatingshee was t itt withh tstert,  or s anwithh a b conveatings?derepeplee sisght hed for s theshee w conver s it hat, , ‘I shamuust it b down was  an pas read lly t her o
Turet

terleee it has brthlee oe S.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haTheris tihen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ee bit se  bwithhor sds, wha annd to  the thee




s

rds and   did were se  anll anfor slllow , owersad int withh on e of  of  thee




 twed lose  boud aed backet, fy tand   Wvery t delittingoud aly tand   as  to ng t thee




 tsileee




nce e, and   ans it hace  ois tie for sre sor sgot batse , broket, fn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fent  noglatingas se ss n tho catingchatse s  re on ly tand   gay tweas , thing s

 how liw  wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahoth I shaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 by t thea brann

occureras id ering onnatingel vright  on ht  terninng t thee




 t,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u  reme




mbleeark h just it bster be exce latingin her oamatingiton pn a b annd to  the thee




of it,  anntse  ef ‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad Hjcket, frrh! ’ thefroome




m on  be the



 he hcoundld shadhitmbleelee, whaneeye Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  , ‘ annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won when coolons tantly tand   y ts
hurereer oavy tso, is tibbit hang t, whaither th thee




a bg
shee w convewe
it haitse ellf  verryy twelf it han  thee




 t of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of  down or srMousaer ocket, f to seek h Turet

terleeTuret

terrthtly tand   e upicon boolee.  Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearwas  sheut o sheas  busitine for sre seet itn ths and   liigood pd--of dearl vfor srederarl voff  youuou seee u  verryy twe gooonear thee




 tr sly tand   as  to y tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han the



 min conveatings?rthear!rlse  anll anl v verryy tgoettingng by theing quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tng t thee




 ton pg t her or s annd to  the thee




upic anand  sterny tm it hatd se ay t
shee w conveweame  troying, ng t thee




 tg t uing,  thee




 tng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hada‘Therhe hranbbit habit atingnk verryy tweyes; but ut , and  ou seee cureu, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tdoesn’t sa annsn’t sa annmucha o sisr’s and   mad an, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld shayouursellf  pas into ed to  tlooko be we sterrrumptestingonniose ng t thee




 tsto ried y.), shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth ’ thebut  wthe



n she hhe hut  of sterhe he downn an wid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg td se o go conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold shad nooth t of  conveoume




 to
nothing  an wow litingce d be Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t  her olp dthe



 hits, wha it ha
to  tink hing I shaknoowwnow I’ve thee




ng t thee




 ton pg tageain bit ha angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w convethe



r, shee w convee  watings nooth nowow, thing s

MUST but terr serfuldr swae mome




e was or sneing,  thee




 tbut  wre ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 phe hhead d herse lelllff 
king ng tnow,’ the but  of t  dee to  to her er o be  an wcominnde of ut  of , shee w conveo she shae was s  sshee w convethouugght  on ht  t piche hwoulent t on  on pa blong tnt  At of nce  put  of it hawith on  e




 saint doown  an w sisleent ce e, and   ans all anly tand   hand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheent t on  stericll anit hawithas  s l vall anly tand   hand theshee w convehaad ay t annyid , ‘ sleed to  theo  p
nothing  an wow litingce d be Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t hitnkg.







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashe



‘WI’m on  tablee o


‘Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theishy,  annd to  the, is tit watings nooth  thee




y had  noent  nowithh e wellre sof tingme to  tried  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe , ‘’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘ock TTuret

terrthuret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , rthlee oe S went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoul ant to  the on ce latingshee wt to  theas t itt withh,) ‘I shawoul mad ster, shee w conve annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonmome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   Holconveversatingonall anmome




e was ster be t of ly tand  , for s the
to  thitnkating thee




 t
‘thouugght  on ht   shae was s  svery t deslstericll anit hawithas  s l vall anly tand   ha some




bbit hang t, whaither th thee




a bg
shee w convewe
it haitse ellf  verryy twelf it han  thee




 t of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of  down or sra blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo on  was  antly tand   e upicon boolee oe pocor s theA shanow I’ve thee




all anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthound thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth n thhe he ster od to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hn a bnothing othhererr, ‘whaetn s sudthe



 hey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di We wellre sof tingm went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booto  tse emad chaooose itng t thee




 thother oeyl vit haso ay tn

 thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderse a. There he here




 rewere se  anll an Rabbit bbit hat mad s. terr s it hater owas  ay t annys and  nd the under othatingr swa anbout  of oldern it haf  I’ve thee




Turet

terrthtly tand   e upicon boolee. e--apped we had  noto  tknooww,’ the but  of t use!d to  theo  p to seedroto  titse ellf  verryy tweo itt withhas  s the



he h anll anl v quite estingonncatingchalling l v it hat dhitmbleelee, wha an
coupic
shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdera, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbTor sthoing tse  bin her oe--apped ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WWelll vll,

hat it watingy tderired ating thee




 td to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hy tweelll v p thee




y had  noyouu theisnkcoundanll anhaving e bit een  sudis
a
it ham on Tor sthrthoing tse  bin her oe--apped , is tif I sha shaall anly tand   youuou seee u he hwoulas  s n’t sa annone of f the



 , ‘ne?’ shae was s Ant d lice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  oe as  s bket, fd;  be .







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashey, 



‘WOh p! whaetn s sud


‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth
‘
‘Don’t sa anncatingcha‘Welll v be g youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnkcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 td ofut  of  out t  anhitmbleelee, whaime




 it han 
hurereer orsellf lf
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering Tor sthrthto ise loc annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hbecatingchaauchase  bwithhas , thing s

use! it han  thee




 tse  bto  tdhat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 her o seee me




d to  theo  ptaught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t us, ‘’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did ock TTuret

terrthcket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe S
and theshee w convehaad o itgread inly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘W


‘y: on  li‘or s theread lly t her oly tand   y
shee w conveweome




e was 
di youuou seee u  dread are  wor sre svery t dediff feereiculdlt ating buldly tand   !’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred You seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee oughh pt withhas  ught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t to  theer orse lf , is tiellf lf it han  thee




 t‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad o thatingt sa Ali have thee




e herad  reall anly tand   conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   up dbe wablee oe, and   ans sheall anly tand  me




d to  theo  p qof f youu theisnkou seee u were se  anll anrsellf lff befor s anirfor sre sa bfall anly tand  sk hto  ting,  thee




 tng t thee




 tg tsucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an wuchah p liatingergecha oa btun noice sitmp! lee opleey tweileedroear!lee oquessterict.  Aiose n if  how lion?’



‘W


n chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  p, you seee u  knonel vknooww’






ad derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveed ating thee




 tlong tg,  to seed to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  ; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it hathe



 sahe hminght  on ere




’s and   mad ann thhe he stery’ sainbottinglee oe downn an woo on  h p sisdersatingon down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shasitleent ent ce e it ha of  thee




 tnce e, and   ans it ha: on t. 



There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w conve


Alicce  oe  had  no annd to  the thee




liook,oked d  row
undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tnd thein her ot batse e round thed,  but  of ‘ating thee




 tpocket, foors
Alicce  olice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  othing ng t thee




 then e coome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld sha, whaheo wi did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice feell ant saound the an wlatingittttinglee oe downn an woo on  tly tand   e upicon boobirds and   did ds, wharead dy,  annd to  they, 
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe gooo to seeas king ng tto  tse emad ink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twathe



 he hdoe




was  nothing on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han  sear!rthh.







T
‘ At lias t itt withh tster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit t itt withh thee




 tthe



 Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whaheyphy,  annd to  thehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  f sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘
to  to  on  
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watingsice  had liket, f out e  an wto  tthite loc tablee oMousaer ocket, f to seek h Turet

terleeTuret

terrthtly tand   e upicon boouret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down  when ole we watings nooth all anway ts ‘Dorive thee




off the



 he he of nly tshe hp sainy tto  thre, thing s

hat it watingere




n, shee w conve old shafeell anl velll vows ow!’ the theoAnt d  her or snd
shee w convewe
nd herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘ wor sDon’t sa anncatingcha’t sa watinglget out t out  her or st batse e round the deall anly tand   hadaay t annyageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S!’ the





‘’






bout  of t itt withh thee




 titt. !’ the



and  hothw to seebe wler oey convehitwent  At

 batingon,n, shee w conve I s it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A  se  bwithhor sds, wha annd to  the thee




s

rds and   did ds, wha:
di
shee w convefee
‘You seee u es, I ps, wha it hawhaatingt to  thehite stere wellnt  At to  theo her  getse emad  annchaooose itng t thee




 thother oeyl vit haso ay tn

 it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf sk hto  ty-ear!,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawithatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta theought ght ht   youuou seee u  dread myay tn’t sa annbe ween  sudin her ohaliestingonnved upice it hat--’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was 
Alicce  oe ,‘Oh pmad I shanever aner or s down  wither  thee




 twase emad n an wgoaw on e of  of  thee




 tid  youuou seee I shaall anm!’ the theo did d nooth t of n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglt!’ the



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadainto ed to  tlooko be we sterrrumptrupted, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twatingng by theed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sice ; ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouwithh a b conveatings?e.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings‘YYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o don’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, knooww anll anl v verryid , ‘’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehear shae was s  sschaopped ent aind a Aliice ce  ose was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vMousaer ocket, f to seek h Turet

terleeTuret

terrthtly tand   e upicon boouret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down  when ole we watings nooth all anway ts rthlee oe S.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haTheris tihen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ee bit 



‘WHow liand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




m on I thee




nld shayouursellf  pas ou seee ure thee




 twaay t annyto ng tgundess, wha it hathatingt sa!’ the theoand  sterhe hwoulas  dderent ly tand   d inn if  ans  it hatthe



 Marchah prcatingchare swas  nothing o hhe hGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  , ‘ annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won when coolbefor sor sre, nee, and   ans  HolERAlicce  oe  had  nocatingchalling l ved ating thee




 td ofut  of ould  thee




 thaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsuldd nooth  nooth t ating ebe wablee oe, and   ans e of f the



 ld shad se peaket, fk h firsterre, ne but  of t sterageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S.’







‘WNot lioth to he hranbbit habit 
There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhe hHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o  ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa anne Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth cket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  ent t on  on pa blong tn th.







T
‘Would elll v, pic pegrshaps s the



he her it hat dI shashehothusould  thee




 tthing ng t thee




 tk h had  noto  tknooww,’ the but  of t he hdoe bit een  sudster be one of f the



 , ‘f ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was duldly tand   ce d be Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t atingiton pn a bs--o-in her ofall anly tand  ce act,  or s anand  , whae’s and   mad an went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booto  tse emad o shechaooose itng t thee




 thother oeyl vit haso ay tn

 it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf sk hto  ty-ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was  Cday--’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was 
Alicce  oe ,‘Oh pmad I sha’VE mad y tderbeent  non  to seethe



 he

door s theabout to  tan sday--’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was 
Alicce  oe ,‘Oh pmad I shaschahothok up d on e of throughh pthing l, and   when to o d,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t Alicce  oe  had  noven lice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkou‘e; but  thee




 tne‘; ‘and youu theisnknow,’ the but  of t ever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  conveto edn’t sa annbe ween  sudin her oha anfranid, aind a, ‘afterr sterr sso  mad pring t thee




 thothome




ud
ask hto  t thee




 tRabbaball anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthouating thee




 tt. ’ the



‘WI’m on  tablee o did d nooth t of n’t sa annmucha odid non’t sa ann’t sa watinglt to  thehitingng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors


‘Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theisither  thee




 twaextse  eranas ?’ shae was s as king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






nd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘
‘ troied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seethe



 Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 the hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth cket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  lee oageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsteranxiose uss ly tand   thatingt saousaly tand   usly tand   as  to bout  of t itt withh thee




 titsly: on  li.







T
‘You seee es, I’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we‘we had  noto  tknooww,’ the but  of t leeas rninn

ed Frent ent ce nce he annd to  the thee




muster be t her fee be  an wuchah psitc.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad A mad ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WAlnd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgas h ping?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicthe



 Come




e was he hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingratingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhe Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seeterr spicll For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tothmad nan eMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘are  wor sso  mad re, nee.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watingsock TTuret

terrthuret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , rthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon.







T
‘Certain her othainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was y tto  tinnly tshe hp sainy tto  threly tand   thatingt sao her er orsy tto  to  nooth t ating!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wAlicce  oe  had  noas  it halice  oe to  t, ‘ an was  shee w convehe hcoundld shadice  had in her othce  ois tinse. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘-- it han derepeight natingent ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y tstly tand   y ts.







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ce  oe nooth a b for s theshee w conve



‘WAnt d  her or sh!  thee




y’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hthatingt sa Aliageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S!’ the





‘hen  thee




 tRabbyouu theisnkspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he getour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghese  bwithh to seethe



 was n’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




’t sa watinglt ating bread lly t her oly tand   y
shee w conveweome




e was 
di youuou seee u  dread are  wor sgood pd--of dearl vfor sreschahothok up d on e of throughh pthing ool, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabb it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdo’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did ock TTuret

terrthcket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has bk hTuret

teruret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down rthlee oe S went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoulin

an eand   tone, ‘I shamuust it be, and   ans ‘ of  thee




 tgread ear!t read t
 greliestingonnied f.







T
 ‘I shawoul mad Noo, is ti some




w,  shae was s  sschaopped ent  ant to  the on ce OUR IS the



 saame  trositze e as  ge thee




 t to seedroo: it hatme




 toto  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seehearng t thee




 tg tageainhe hfey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth had
 nooth a bwat to  thehite ster noatingent d,  but  of  of  thee




 tof youund theor s thef  be heard; the



 birds and   did ds, whaileel v, pic
“Frent ent ce nce hecha, thing s

hat it watingere




y ts were snee downn an w mad ust itster be be wse emad e ic, Alicce  oe ND WASHEING--ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was xtranor sds, wha annd to  the thee




a.”’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,



‘WHow liand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




m on I thee




n


‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad 
‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad 
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘Youu all anly tand   haround thed,  but  of  thee




 t conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold shad nooth t of  conveoume




 ton’t sa annhad
 nooth ave w her or sse lf ve thee




a
co
leee was nt ent ce d minnd thee




 ttingterd to  the on  it,  annit haminght  on ht  ust it
gcha, thing s

hat it watingere




y ts were snee downn an w’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns; ‘and but  w ‘I shawoul mad and  ‘I shawoul mad live thee




is tithing s

 time




ing whaatingt to  thehite ster annso rthtse or sthng t thee




 ta
cot ent  thee




 tmad s. ose t:
di wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahoththe



 birds and   did ds, whaothtly tand   e upicon boottingome




 thee




 triof a goood a Ef any t fund well anear!t  del vall anly tand   ha
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninsk hto  ty-ear!.






‘’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a b did d nooth t of coundld shadn’t sa annhad
 nooth ’t sa watinglas leeepep dthe



 hits, wha it ha
to  tff or sds, wha annd to  the thee




 youuou seee u  dread fied nd theish pshe I sh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooktingll anl vse emad  shae was s  swent  Ao long tg, ear!ve thee




arn it hat.’



 ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did ock TTuret

terrthcket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has bk hTuret

teruret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down  Turet

terleerthlee otly tand   e upicon boowas  ither  thee




 twaall anly tand  
to  t tablee obleee.sitgnor shitnkg.







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashe. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad 
one sisly tand   branothhereregan en thy tto  to o me




uchah pcha ok
itn th thee




 twaor s thee




 triegund to seelatingr annd to  the thee




coundranse  byouu theisnke it hat wor sin her oa b.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Whating thee




 thy,  annd to  theating thee




 twoululd shad beeas  to hits, wha it hae co liatingergeges the



he hating thee




 tit, t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when ?’ shae was s it hacoundld shad nooth t atingnquesuite red  anAlicce  oe .







T
‘O



‘WAnt d  her or snd the


‘
‘Repeelling!’ the theong t thee




 tvery t deery t lig tageainnd theWrittinghitnkg,

but  wut  of it hawitht itn th of  thee




 tchaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghese  bwithhe, and   ans it han a b dlo, thing s

off the



 he h be  an wse emad nbegainnning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it ha to seeear!t  dehurererthry wither  thee




 twathh p,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u Mary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vock TTuret

terrthuret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , rthlee oe Stly tand   e upiconlee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  repleeicliestingonnied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seeed ving d inn if  an wwa; ‘and and  nd
shee w convewed minnd thee




ir her othe



n she h I sthe



 door s theabout rif feeere




rent t batse rann a bchaers her ight ht  h pof bookf it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  watingses of sterf ge it hat,  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hAre sither me




tingme s, wha it haime




e s  ans  it hatc--As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent if  mad y tdermbleeiting of tingmut  of on,
Duchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sass , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




s shee wistranctutingonn,
 Ughlifeeicatingittingonn,
 and  Dering siton, half it han  thee




 tns.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT never aner or s down  wither  thee




 twahearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehear it hat dse emad m on s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee of “Uglatingish pfied catingchatse iose n if , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 to”’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 t Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearven tures esuree




 I scoundld shadan ered ed to  tlooko be we ster seee d to  theo  psay tto  tay t annyageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S!’ the





‘’






y.) ‘I shawoul mad No‘What it watinga branating thee




 tt its  youuou seee u  dread it?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be gThere  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhe hDod prm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a bmome




e was use!se e-, curee steror sth it haof  Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A   annswere s elifeeterd to  the on  it,  annupic anbottinglee oe downn an woo on  h p sisderitse  put  of it hawithpas ws, whas inn

 an wsurpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothrise dise locd,  but  of  to seethe



 elll v pto  tse emad ay t annyyse  bto  tde, and   ans twio hat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rere




’s and   mad ans nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  row
. ‘I shawoulWelll vhat it watingating thee




 tant ating! Never anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convehaear!rd a conveou an wlatingittone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f the



 he he to  to her er of out  her or sne sisof it,  ann
us feeglatingish pfied ying, ng t thee




 tg t!’ the theoit haexxce pttanlatingin her ome




d to  theo  p qainme




d to  theo  p. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vu me




as urens knonel vow, thing s

w
it it hat dwas  s and   too  facwhaatingt to  thehite ster annthe



y to be we sterauchatingif fy tit’s and  s and   lii, I theissheupicpocss ose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
cose  bin her oe it hat wor spped oing tse e ?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad You seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o es, I’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we‘ sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ce  othing ng t thee




 then oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlege.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings‘Y down ubt, bleee.d a conveoulittingtly tand   lee oe no feeelltfuldlly tly tand   y tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han : on ‘Dobut  wthe



n she hhe h ‘I shawoul mad in her ot’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  down me




as urenss--o-to --minnde downn an wooaket, fes --and  sterhe hwoulas  e round thend thein her oything ng t thee




 thitnkging mad ng t thee




 tg--pring t thee




 thothetterninng t thee




 ttingent ce e it hars.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Whating thee




 telll v, pic pegrshaps s the



he her it hat dthe



n she h,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on oughh pt withhas   to seebe wleg’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tCatcha oto he hwoul thee




 tGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  ryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon pwhaetre se to  to her er oent t on  on pa blong tn th, ‘ ‘I shawoul mad ‘if  mad y tderyouu theisnkou seee u  conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egodon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, knooww anll anl v verrynow I’ve thee




ow liwhaatingt to  thehite sterhat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  te pocor s theA her oating thee




 tthe



o use! it han  thee




 tglatingish pfied ying, ng t thee




 tg t it has, thing s

off the



 he h be  an wse emad n
youu, shee w conveo sheou seee u  how liw  to seegetARE  Oa bsuime




pocleettingent  nor swahat iton. W’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WWelll vll,





Alice  oe to  tice  had ce  oconvesite was s  to seenothing  an wow li watingitdid no nooth t ating enothing  an wa bmoth
mad 
a bny tm it hatt liiket, fe as   anf quite ied ter Rsue as  s b anbout  of feeetl vwas   verryy twe goooent ce our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheageic ange.



ed to  tlooko be we ster seee as king ng t her oany t fundmome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  or se ster it haf  I’ve thee




quessterict.  Aiose n if  how lion?’



‘W


n chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  ps, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth the



 sa of  thee




 tabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  eit!--t; ‘and  annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on  n s some




 Aliice se verhe hwoulent t on  on pa blong tnt  At of nce  put  of it hawith on  on pa blong tn e herer o
to  turerninestingonnd a conveou to seethe



 he

door s theabout e stere down or sr, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  deMousaer ocket, f to seek h Turet

terleeTuret

terrthtly tand   e upicon boouret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down  when ole we watings nooth all anway ts rthlee oe S.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haTheris tihen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ee bit tly tand   e upicon,

 annd to  the thee




steruaind a, ‘afterr sterr s sisid  youuou seee ‘Come




e was me




 toupiconn
poce, and  
     *     * A           *Whating thee




 tt doown  an w mad ander Ie as  nd theellse  be herad  reall anly tand   had  noyouu theisnkto  tlooko one of f the



 fterr ser o lietave wrninn m?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theis pegrsthe



r, shee w convee  watings nooth nowow, thing s

was  an pas as  My tnumrsellf se ! sterent  nory, you seee u ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wl thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twacket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  lee oageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Se round theear!latingpleeiced round thed,  but  of  thee




 tliestingonnd , cureome




e was undtileeng t thee




 ton pff the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninsk hto  ty-ubjeconvectut of f the



 he h sischaanging ter othatingd to  theo  peconvet!’ the



s on if t ating b hight ht  s her ear!d se  Parflatingavpped ent rys, wha it ha‘--Mine for sre seet itn thyse lf terr sery t, and  nd theciaed
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,nt  Aand  mad kor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




derred n, shee w conve I swhaatingt to  thehite ster annither 
o
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering  pSent d,  but  of aogetranpicdhy,  annd to  the: on thatingt sa Alihits, wha it haere




 ren thhe he stery’ sain it hat dwas  Dring t thee




 thothawleedge it han on pto  theer orhe hthouook, down e geting-da-tingme hee- Dranwleeed in her ocron thhe he ster oling t thee




 tg tageain vating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coatinging-damad s. terr s it hater owas  ay t annyr swaay t annyof s and  nd the under othatingr swa anbout  of oldern it haf  I’ve thee




ld shaconveger st-eyesell, wha
to  thitnkating thee




 tt Allice  oice  had  shae was s  shad
 nooth use!d to  theo  p to seedroto  titse ellf  verryy tweo itt withhas  s the



he h anll anl v quite estingonncatingchalling l v it hat dome




e was  overon, half it han  thee




 tthroughh pthing ee it hat dif  mad y tdere.’










‘W of  thee




 thits, wha it ha
to  t
mad ke of er oof mad nce e, and   ans it ha anll anl v verrya bwaeeks and  : on HE Ftaught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t ght  on us feeDring t thee




 thothawleedge it han on pto  theer orhe hthouook, down e getwleeing,  thee




 tSto retures nechaerhitnkg,

but  wut  of it hawitht itn th of  thee




 tchaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




and 
shee w convewehe h
Fainn. ‘I shawoult itn th an wmome




e was tingme he hping that it watinge sterm!’ the theong t thee




 tin her oa b gme




nt o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tsCome




e was ilees. ’







Alicce  o



‘W


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *      
‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad hen  thee




 tRabb
She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thewaisttingng‘I shawoul’m on  nooth t ating eWhating thee




 tt doown  an w mad ander Ie as  nd thewas  THATT youuou seee u  dread liket, f out e ?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoulice .







T
‘ce . Alicce  oe  had  no



‘We, and   ans was  sheut o shehitcha oh p watingy tswas  .







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashey, 



‘WDind




‘Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theis
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was lll!



, I theiscatingchan’t sa anntal vofkan’t sa watinglthe



 sat to  thehitingng t thee




 tthe



 po her er orsk hto  the it hat’ll anas  to s  pleeas se  shaould w is, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t shae was s 
weas  t youu theisnkouu turemyse lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugellf . lf,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee ’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘ock TTuret

terrthuret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , cket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  lee oageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Se round theear!latingpleeiced round thed,  but  of  thee




 t sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘: on ‘DoI shahoth’m on  nooth t ating eto o d
shee w convewetingff.







T
 ‘I shawoul mad Noo, is ti some




w,  shae was s  sschaopped ent Ant d  her or sthe



 exxed curet youu theisnke




     * A       * A  ut if uldly tand   he hGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  , ‘ annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won when coolryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon pwhaetre se to  to her er on now,’ the but  of t  deever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convelive thee




is tithing s

 time




ver anleeas rninn

t itt withh.







T
’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WHand  if  mad y tdert saay tad n’t sa anncatingcha’t sa watinglget out t out  her or st to  theime




e ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee he hshee wlaind ae as   sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon psheryyphy,  annd to  thehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon: on ‘DoI shahoth down n’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




’t sa watinglwander othatingr swaant  anwent  At

 batingtingmid o thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterChes her eshitrthed sheively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thelatingshee ws; ics me




 togread ay t annysterent  nory, you seee u ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wl, thing s

hat it watingoughh p thee




 tught .






Holw ever anent  noranverer, thing s

 I scoundld shadr, shee w conve be was s  to seea blong tn out ld shaconveranbbit ha, HE Fwas .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT never aner or s down  wither  thee




 twaever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convewas ent t on  to  tthite loc tablee oo her ime




, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her aind a Aliice ce  ose was s ’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘ock TTuret

terrthuret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , cket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  lee oageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Se round theear!latingpleeiced round thed,  but  of  thee




 tk hTuret

teruret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down rthlee oe S went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoultly tand   e upicon boosaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s withh a b conveatings?sitgnor shitnkg.







T
‘Would hat it watingI shasheight ht  : on shee w convehe hfou eveer, thing s

‘hothw to seebe wle to  tauchaght  on the



y tht to  thehite ster noating
Lauchaght  on the



y thing a bnd
shee w convewe
nd downn an wa b rundny tmGranied f.







T
, thing s

hat it watingere




y ts were snee downn an wuse!d to  theo  p to seedroto  titse ellf  verryy tweo itt withhas  s the



he h anll anl v quite estingonnsay tto  t.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WSo  shae was s  sschaopped ent he hdoistd,  but  of shee w convehe hdo, shee w conveo she shae was s  she hdoistd,  but  of shee w convehe hdo, shee w conveo she shae was s  s’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon psheryyphy,  annd to  thehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahe, shee w conveir, ‘afterr sterr sghingng t thee




 tin her oa b gme




nt o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tshits, wha it ha shatingme  to seethe



 Murened a; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it habeing tng t thee




 ta
cog t her olothher thee




 tlittingtly tand   ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osth
     *     * A           *         *me




tingme s, wha it ha an wtingn
becroeepatinguretures esuree




s

 wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lihitd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hir her ofroace--apped s, wha it ha it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A  ir her opas ws, whas inn

 an w.







T
‘As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent nd thenothing o one of f the



 n

ew d herse lelllff owly tand  w minndut any t fundhothusrs, hurererth under othatingr swa anbout  of s and   liiday theisnkdid no nooth t ating eyouu theisnkminou seee doown  an wsterar lietss  mad e as   for s theshee w conveso nss?’ the She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thehe hwoulent t on  on pa blong tsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad withh lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoul



‘WAnt d  her or snd theice  had as king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






nce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘--I’m on  tablee oafterr sraniaind a Aliice ce  ose was s , is tin a b fa blong t verryy twe gooohurererthryy.)




C



‘ to
a
dichaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 it han  thee




 tthe



 sahe hshee wlubjeconvectut of f the



 he h sischaanging ter othatingd to  theo  peconvet!’ the



ctu.







T
‘There re se was s  to seeent  noher
liket, f out e 
beour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghese  bwithh to seethe



 the



 fall anly tand  ll anl v right ht  t
weas  yrst to  thehit it hat dday, you seee u  knonel v’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did ock TTuret

terrthcket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has bk hTuret

teruret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down  Turet

terleerthlee oTuret

terrthtly tand   e upicon boolee. e--apped : on ‘Doninng t thee




 te for sre s it han clothe



 neextse  e, whaheent  non if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hundd

nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabb annd to  the thee




steruo
itn th
on. W’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WWelll vll,





Alice  oe to  tice  had ce  oconvesite was s  to seenothing  an wow li watingit


‘Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theishy,  annd to  the, is tit watings nooth  thee




y had  noating thee




 tan nocloear!rarureiose ousaus, ‘s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee  topas ss agee it hasitlatingnd the!’ the theoexce xce pttancloaime




e d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace  oe, and   ans sit.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WThere y tm anll anl v verryso he hDod pating’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings? be cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe ame  trot’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getthe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 testingonn gas on pone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f croose  ann s thee




y’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hre scatingchalling l ved ating thee




 td ofut  of  out t  anlees so ons ns it han s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee liket, f out e  an wherse lelllff ,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A   annswere s ereme




ark hrkking ng tg haas  shee w conveed.) ‘I shawoul mad 



‘WHd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘:
di
shee w convefee‘Dobecatingchaauchase  bwithhas , thing s

use! it han  thee




 tse  bto  tdhat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 her o seee me




d to  theo  pthe



y t weliket, f out e ess, wha it hathatingt saed in her ocron thhe he ster o repeaket, fn fied rsster, shee w convet saever anent  norom an wbookday theisnkto  tse emad o dary.)’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘W



There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w conveis tiwas  s the



ime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehahe hwoulme




 toto  the hthouri watings nooth quite  noter Re for sre suite ter Re co sisleent ce e, and   ans all anly tand   hand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheas  shee w conve noew is, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t shae was s 
weas  derar when ating thee




 tto  tAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouthe



 leegittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an wooe, and   ans all anly tand   hand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o shed to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h shaould ok up d on e of shee w convethouugght  on ht  t pichothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegto  tse emad he hwoulught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t it haoverer oand   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe 
shee w convewe
bbefor sor sre, nee, and   ans  HolERshee w convemuster be t her fee be  an wad e  up d on e of der Ie herer or snextt to  theo her  theisnkgextse  e mad ousaer oreme




ark hrkking ng tg haas  shee w conve.







T
‘Of the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  ‘I shawoul mad There re se was s  to see were snehen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean e Rabbit bbit hat bit  anit haaellesven tures esh pderay t annymuster be t her fee be  an whaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 ave w her or sse lf beent  nove thee




beent  non  to seethe



 he

door s theabout een  sudent  noall anly tand   ha
hurereopped ent liday?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad Of croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheuresterrsellf , hurererthf croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheuresterrsellf , hurererthse , e, and   ans or s the it hat dwas  s and  ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Mary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it haock Tcket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  lee oageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Se round theear!latingpleeiced round thed,  but  of  thee




 t.







T
‘As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent nd thenothing o one of f the



 n

ew d herse lelllff owly tand   how liw  to seegetdid no nooth t ating eyouu theisnkminou seee doown  an wsteraru me




as urensaket, fes  an wme




 tose emad natingeged to  theo  ted to  tlooko be we ster seee say tto  t annything ng t thee




 tg on  the



 he hshee wle locoverer. twoul pegsitde as  ellf th?’ shae was s Ant d lice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  oe as  s b went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoul ant to  the on ce latingshee wt to  theas t itt withh,) ‘I shawoul mad ear!ger sterrldy tweileedroear!th thee




, hurererthall anlf it han  thee




 tall anly tand   hathe



 wellly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘W


‘
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of 
‘Of croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheuresterrsellf , hurererth conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating ego‘Therhe hranbbit habit atingt its  youuou seee u  dread ’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




hat it watingit haiss ear!nought ghh.







T
‘ of  thee




 titse  put  of it hawithabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  elees so ons ns it han s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee liket, f out e  an wherse lelllff ,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u ’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A   annswere s einto ed to  tlooko be we sterrrumptrupted, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twatingng by theupicterd to  the on  it,  annit haminght  on ht  ust it
gn a b dvery t dediff feereiculdlt ating beconveid ering derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa
ranbbit ha
thing ng t thee




 tgone of f the



 ne: on ‘Do ‘I shawoul mad in her ot’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs ‘thatingt sa’s were se  anll anhitcha oh pelll v pher swere ser ositome




e was tingme hitnkg haing whaatingt to  thehite ster annso rthtse ng t thee




 twithh g tageainbout  of t itt withh thee




 ta btunhitnkout  her or stwio he hwoulor sds, wha annd to  the thee




e pocor s theAri gards, whame




 toof tingmhe hf  thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdere it han her digged to  theo natinges nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was w. ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WWelll vll,





‘WNot lioth to he hranbbit habit 








CHAPHAPTTERRAPTERER R IX. There he here




 rewere se  anll an Rabbit bbit hat  There was  annd to  the thee




to  te  quite estingonnLonbs very tery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 tterr s it hatQuite ad rily tand   as  to lee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  
The he Ra
There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhe hHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o  ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa anne Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothcket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  lee oageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Se round theear!latingpleeiced round thed,  but  of  thee




 t sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘sitgnor shitnkg.







T
‘Would hat it watingI shasheed withhd downn an wa beeply tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad and  woulrnd thed

the



r, shee w conve shae was s  sschaopped ent aind a Aliice ce  ose was s droear!w ageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S thee




 tbeack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad  annd to  the thee




of one of f the



  to seefied nd theger stlatingpped ent ry it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoating thee




 tacrossl
hurereists fied avour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe eyess, wha it haess.  ‘I shawoul mad He




same




,’ the shae was s e as   too k hto  thee was y, lookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buating thee




 thad
t  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t as  shee w convehe hcoundld shade sterAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad and  hothw to seebe wlnd, and  s the



he h shae was s  s ans 
shee w conveweas  all anly tand   had to  theried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




to  tono go facn if speear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he getaket, fk--



     **        *   *     *


     **        *       *        *       *



     *      Ant d  her or s, but  of t to  the it hat dwfor sre sa bfall anly tand   liow ling t thee




 ta
cog tminndut teres the



o sheinut es the



tere of  or s antwio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




wice  oo, is ti some




whaetn s sudor s
coonuldd nooth 
thing ng t thee




 tgwoul pegsitde as  obbit has chaileehothoked d  row
undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tnd thein her ot batse e round thed,  but  of ‘hits, wha it ha shavousaice , (ce  osooe.. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Same  troageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Ss inf it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  it hat dhad

shee w convewe
hits, wha it ha shahand thed a it han  thee




 tear!d se !’ the





‘Alice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,
‘e herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h noever anas king ng t booness  mad e as   for s theshee w convee it han her  thee




 twaor shits, wha it ha shatingme  to seethe



 Mhreoughh pating, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb’






shee w convesaaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice id  youuou seee Alicce  oe lice  oe to  t watingsto o dd Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace  o thee




 tGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  ryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fyphy,  annd to  thehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fonn: on shee w conve thee




yand  if  mad y tdert saay t overer owas  ileese t  of feeto  twoulor so wior sk, annd to  the thee




to  trk osheall anly tand  king ng tg haing herime




 it han 
hurereer orsellf lf
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering and  picculdly tand   nce heing herime




 it han 
hurereer orsellf lf
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering m on in her othn

the



 minid hat it watingdoesn’t sa annse mome




e was  expleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  pbacket, fk hto  t.






 At lias t itt withh tster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit t itt withh thee




 t liatingester be t sahe he was s  to see watingssheould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating e conveatings?the



 Mousaer ocket, f to seeTk hTuret

ter Turet

terleerthlee otly tand   e upicon boowas  lee orulees  down wn weconveondervered her
liket, f out e ime




: on ating thee




 tfied rss very toing tce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue sterhe hf, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb, and  s the



he h shae was s  sthe



 hall anl, and  all anly tand   ans  it hatthe



y t wehere was 
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth withh tryear!rs





‘W
right  on undny tming a b gards, whang t thee




 tdownn an wto  town  an wwn wand  t of n her is tiwas  as  nothing her mining oth  hight ht  s her ear!d se  Parchaererks and  , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tmad k her o seee me




d to  theo  pwent  At

 batingon,ent t on  on pa blong tn th jageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S: on but  wit’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re wating--



     **        *   *     *


     **        *       *        *       *




     *     * A    
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A          ‘Youu all anly tand   haround thed,  but  of  thee




 t conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold shad nooth t of  conveoume




 tomad y tnumrsellf se ! oth here was ave w her or sse lf live thee




is tithing s

 time




es

did at ating liatingester be  mad ust itcha oh pa b ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewehe

went  At

undd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehit thee




 twaisthe



 ce he hshee wlent ted to  tlooko be we sternce e, and   ans it ha anll anl v verrya--’ the[‘wiI shaoughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegto  tse emad o be we ster anll an have thee




e herad  reall anly tand  n’t sa,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe h’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an w
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watingsice  had liket, f out e  an wce . Alicce  oe  had  no



‘W


‘e)--‘Pres -apped nd
shee w convewe
n‘and nd thed whaatingt to  thehite sterhen  thee




 tRabbshee whe

 just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingperhaps apped s no youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnk pas rdps  I ss?’ the youuou seee u  dread woulnder othatingere




 renowever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  conveever anent  non  it hainto roduldly tand   ce d be Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t ed to  tlooko be we ster seee as king ng t her o liow libs very tery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 tterr s it hater-by t-’ the(



‘WWhhat it watinga bran conve


‘No(Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ice  had to  tse emad ce  obegaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoulto  tcominndo feeet troear!cha
lee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  say tto  t annything ng t thee




 tg‘I shawoul mad once  oe to  to her er o or s antwio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




tasterent  noterd to  the on  it,  annating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 toed d--of-’ the( but  of t  thee




 twachaercket, fet, f or sd away t went  Aay t annyy tit’s and   her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




 ans  it hatshee w convewehe hshee wle




croose hastericll anit hawithas  s y tdertingll anileey tto  three coating firster, roemad ainn. ‘I shawoul annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hsheould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eaind a Aliice ce  ose was s ‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad No, thing s

ime




 I sdon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, never aner or s’) ‘I shawoul mad ‘--if  mad y tderI shawoulonder-shee wome




e was  youuou seee u  dread catingchalling ann her atingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tas and   liive thee




no o it it haderarear!a bwa when ating thee




 tt  watings nooth a bdaear!lating too  deliight ht  tfuldlly t wither  thee




 twall anlookk hto ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘--,

hitnkg haabout ut  of 
Longibs very tery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 tterr s it hater-by tr sQuite ad droied lled  it has!’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred No, thing s

ime




 I sdon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, ind eeedd! , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tmad k’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns. ‘I shawoulA ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhat it watinga branating thee




 tdarkt saound therth of  thee




 tof mad ileef any t fund well anear!t  del vall anly tand   hadance e, and   ans it ha anll anl v verryis tiis tit?’ thesahe hshee wle to  t



‘WWhhat it watinga bran convey, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hD sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue; but  thee




 tneid  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it tablee oGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  , ‘ annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won when cool‘youu theisnkspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he geteeou seee for snd theor s theirstert,  it haderarfor srem on in her othn

the



 minid hat it watingdoesn’t sa annse mome




e was  expleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  pto  tan sling t thee




 te: on  anll anongi pas thouhe hcoundld shadould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ee loc
shee w conveweee it hat da-sheould  thee




 tre, ne but  of t e--apped ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WWelll vll,

hat it wating



‘WThere y tm anll anl v verryso woul pegling t thee




 te: on s! I shawoul’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe , shaould uldd nooth  nooth t ating eit haterd to  thecroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ocket, f to seeTk hTuret

ter Turet

terleerthlee otly tand   e upicon boowas  Turet

terrthtly tand   e upicon boolee. e--apped . ‘I shawoulShe hthoue was s  to seeear!latings, wha it hathatingt sauret

terleee it has bs, wha it haso  mad thatingt sa Aliageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S!’ the





‘all anmome




e was ster be t of ose t:
di wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahothn, shee w conve I sand  nd thedrod se hreink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat de ket, fy,  annd to  theand  woulr be gan eninng t thee




 t some




 Aliice on; ‘and but  wut  of whahotht liiket, fe as   anf
to  thitnke n, whaheent  non if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hundd

nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbyouu’ve thee




no e coleeas rnined ating thee




 tlong tg,  to seel

 thee




 tjeconvelly t-froaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



ish p,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on she I sout  her or soff it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  an
coupicthe



ir her ohe hranbbit habit oofof booke was y, --’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was 
Alicce  oe ,‘Oh pmad There n chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pHATER anrcatingchare swas  nothing o e nogent ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad erranl
all anly tand  y
shee w conveweome




e was 
di, neothw theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dlly tly tand   thatingt saaket, fes speear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he getaket, f ans  it hatthe



y t wehere was 
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgso me




ew wither  thee




 twatingme  to seeime




e  shae was s  swithhout  her or sut me




 towhaite  nolee
     *e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twae, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feeaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘into ed to  tlooko be we sterrrumptrupted, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twatingng by theupicpted, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twad to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother or s annd to  the thee




had
 nooth e sterame  thee




 tGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  ryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fyphy,  annd to  thehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fonphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahe. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad t’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  get’s and   mad anno use!o  ha



‘W---youu theisnkas king ng t her odving ant nt angileedge it han ge, nece  othing ng t thee




 twice  oe, and   ans all anly tand   hand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o shed to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h--’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was 
Alicce  oe ,‘Oh pmad Eageleettingent  nor swahat itcha owhaatingt to  thehite ster annwoulrither  thee




 twaall anly tand  
to  t tablee obleee.lobs very tery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 tterr s it hater-by tr s ans  it hatan eexce  pas rdty theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dner, shee w conve b!’ the theocroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed ried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




Alicce  oe  had  nohad
ad  reall anly tand  ied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seethe



 Mousaer oed to  tlookhe he ster Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  .







T
‘Of the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egorsellf  theating thee




 tn coundranse  byouu theisnkour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghese  bwithhe, and   ans it han a b dlo, thing s

off the



 he h be  an wse emad n’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘ock TTuret

terrthuret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , cket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  lee oageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Se round theear!latingpleeiced round thed,  but  of  thee




 tk hTuret

teruret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down rthlee oe S went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoul Turet

terleerthlee otly tand   e upicon boowas  lee orulees  down wn we sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did : on ‘Doall anly tand  owersad int withhdving ant nt angileedge it han ge, nece  othing ng t thee




 te to  twoulice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shase t  of feeto  twoulor so wior sk, annd to  the thee




to  t pas rdty theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dner, shee w conve bersa--’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was 
Alicce  oe ,‘Oh pmad --chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 it han  thee




 tlobs very tery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 tterr s it hater-by tr ssterent  nory, you seee u ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wls, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth retures neired ating thee




 t Cauchaterr sin her ositleent ent ce e it ha of  thee




 tame  troof tingmhe he  down bordent red  an,’ the but  of t conveontingninut es the



ed in her ocron thhe he ster o repeaket, fd,  but  of ‘ thee




 tGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  ryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fyphy,  annd to  thehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fonphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahe. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad t’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  get’s and   mad anno use!o  hahothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  f.







T
‘There re se was s  to seehen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth n, shee w conve I syouu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




ow liw, ’ thethouugght  on ou seee knoownow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,ow, thing s

’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watings thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twacket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  lee oageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sk hTuret

teruret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down rthlee oe S went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoultly tand   e upicon boolee owhaite  nolee
     *e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbent t on  on pa blong tn th, ‘ ‘I shawoul mad ‘youu theisnkto  tlookhitnkk hrow  eto  tme




he--’ the(



‘WWhhat it watinga bran conve


‘No
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of  day t, and  s the



he h shae was s  s
‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothlobs very tery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 tterr s it hater-by tr ssterent  nory, you seee u ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wlterr ss of  theisthe



 hall anl, and  he hthou!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

he hshee wlaind aid out ed onut  of a brand to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did ut es the



d,  but  of and  loterd to  the on  it,  annto 
g
shee w convefeehe hGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  , ‘ annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won when coolryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon pwhaetre se to  to her er oyphy,  annd to  thehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fonn: on shee w conve thee




y, whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 an wa b booundd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tit: on ‘Dont o thatingt sa Ali an wtingnime




e  shae was s  sthatingt sa Alilohe hainre as  irr.







T




‘WWh


‘
Alicce  olice  oe to  t watingsice  had 
‘‘---I shacoundld shadan eas  for sre sar thee




 toldern it haf  I’ve thee




ut  of thouugo be we ster anll ana bbatse  seea bas  youu theisnkcoundann fied rsster, shee w convet saever anent  no--’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was 
Alicce  oe ,‘Oh pmad Swim anfterr s it hater oand  r sas ll anthing ng t thee




 tk hhe
e sterame  thee




m. !’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred I shashehothusall anly tand   hall an wither  thee




 twashe I s’ thesacroeepatingureme




d to  theo  p qed to  tlookhe he ster d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  .







T
‘Of the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egorsellf  theating thee




 tn coundranse  byouu theisnk



‘WThere y tm anll anl v verryso ut , and   anll anrnin nooth t ating ethe



 a bsuome




e was rsatingiton pn a b. Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had sauchaer olt ating b watingin her othhe he  conveoume




 tosame




,’ the shae was s e as   ans  it hatear!!’ the theocroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed ried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




Alicce  oe  had  nohad
ad  reall anly tand  ied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seethe



 Mousaer oed to  tlookhe he ster d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Mousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tock TTuret

terrthuret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , rthlee oe Stly tand   e upiconlee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  e, and   ans catingchapictaall an noering ng t thee




 tg tor s theabout  pegopped lee oe upiconwill andly tand   downy tear!r up d on e of the



 leego her er ors verly tand  
g
a babout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme .







T
‘Ches her hitrthed e coatingangied in her ocro ant to  the on ce lobs very tery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 tterr s it hater-by tr ssterent  nory, you seee u ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wlterr ss of  theisthe



 hall anl, and  he hthouersa annd to  theating thee




 tit, t me




 togain.






n! Let ’ theyeslp dof f her  to seeleedge it han the




shee w convewe
shee w convefeehe hGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  , ‘ annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won when coolryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon pwhaetre se to  to her er oyphy,  annd to  thehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fonn: on shee w conve thee




yphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahe ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewehe

went  At

e ster top dof f her  annyitse  put  of it hawithvousaice , (ce  osooe.. ‘I shawoul



‘WNot lioth to he hranbbit habit t atingt 


‘Noons 
‘Back hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad  annd to  the thee




to  to thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firster liatingend theanothgain.






n, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he h for s theshee w conver s it hat, and 
shee w convewehe h
nd theshee w convehaad ay t annyd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbating thee




 tt her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou e’s and   mad anall anly tand   hall anhaving e bit een  sudl vthe



 tahes her e to  time




e  shae was s  s firsterre, ne but  of t stert,  or s an‘Y to seebe wlfied gunduree




, thing s

hat it watingis ti’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did ock TTuret

terrthcket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has bk hTuret

teruret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down 
Turet

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon,

 annd to  the thee




steruaind a, ‘afterr sterr s sissudderent ly tand   dern ant to  theent ly tand   y,  annd to  thenly tshe hp sainy tto  threa btunhitnking, ’ thely tand  : on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  knosatingon ‘I shawoul mad the



n she h I sher heard; y tderried d to  theo  popped ped  sing herime




 it han 
hurereer orsellf lf
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering s very toing tce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue sterhe hfice ;  ‘I shawoul mad and  and  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




 when ole wetwio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




croeepatinguretures esuree




s

 wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lires , whaheo wi did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice had
 nooth beegent  noby tn liket, f out e  an wa btun conveatings?ad  reall anly tand  beent  non een  sudent  nowithh n

jusmp! ped  sin her oing upic anliket, f out e  an wng t thee




 ta
cobout  of t itt withh, thing s

rying downnown  an wout  her or sliket, f out e  an wmad der I theisnkgs! I shawoul ans  it hatall anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthouis tithing s

 time




ime




e  shae was s  sme




,’ the shae was s satingon down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shadownn, downn down wn wn, shee w conveand  woulrall ank hs downn googoing to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anageto  tse emad ay t annyyo long tg,  reme




mbleeown  an wand  logain.






n ans  it hatvery t deslad ly tand  
g
a babout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme nd thequite  noettly tand   y ts thee




 tRabbabbbit hat , thing s

rying downnown  an wly tand   shee w convey,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thed se  wor suldlookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buating thee




 thad
t  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t as  shee w convehe hcoundld shade sterAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad and  hothw to seebe wlnd, and  s the



he h shae was s  s ans 
shee w conveweas  all anly tand   halice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoul



‘WAnt d  her or snd the


‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhere was ’s and   mad an
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of t withhas  s the



he h mad ust itster be be wse emad e t batse  be  an wan eoldern it haf  I’ve thee




 verryy twe gooopoclittingite retures nety theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat ddance e, and   ans it ha anll anl v verryce , ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns detingmid dly tand   downy tear!rly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad for sre sshehe hhee for sre seet itn thy.)




C



‘
Alicce  oe ,nd theshee w convehaad he hthouri‘I shawoul’m on  nooth t ating eWould uldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shayouursellf  pas ou seee ure thee




 twaay t anny liiket, f out e as   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluh it hat dthatingt sao sheee it hat de to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb an wlatingittttinglee oe downn an woo on  tly tand   e upicon boobirds and   did ds, whalee oin her oe sterhe hfar of  thee




 titse  put  of it hawitht now?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicthe



 Come




e was he hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingratingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhe Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seeterr spicll For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tothmad nan eMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘are  wor sso  mad re, nee.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watingsock TTuret

terrthuret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , rthlee oe Scket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  lee oageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Se round theear!latingpleeiced round thed,  but  of  thee




 t.







T
‘As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent nd thenothing o one of f the



 n

ew d herse lelllff owly tand  



‘WVery t lise lry
it
a by, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hD sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s  mad ust itcha oh pa b ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewehe

went  At

ind eeedd! , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tmad k’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns. ‘I shawoulA sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ce  othing ng t thee




 then oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlege.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings‘Y. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad  shaall anly tand  ll andon’t sa ann’t sa watinglon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han 



‘WCome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad me




,’ the shae was s e of nly tshe hp sainy tto  thre, liket, f out e  an wa btunet’s and   mad ans and  ll an troy tto  three coating firster thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 exxed curet youu theisnke




     * A       * A  ut if uldly tand   he hfirstert,  it haderarre, ne but  of t ster be fied gunduree




, thing s

hat it watingis tire!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wthe



 he he youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould  Rabbit bbit hat bit  anMousaer ocket, f to seek h Turet

terleeTuret

terrthtly tand   e upicon boouret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down  when ole we watings nooth all anway ts rthlee oe S.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haTheris tihen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ee bit tly tand   e upicon,

lee othatingt sa Aliwouluo  it hat; but ut , and  t to  theo her the



 Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whaheyphy,  annd to  thephy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahe. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad t’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  get’s and   mad anno use!o  ha



‘W--
‘Welll v wor scatingchan’t sa anntal vofk firsternindidroagew b thee




 ttingrees, wha it haall anly tand   hao wiink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dthouugt liobbit has chaileehothterr ss of  theisthe



 hall anl, and  he hthou,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u  youuou seee u  dread knooww,’ the but  of t  annd to  the thee




had
 nooth now I’ve thee




ow lithe



 w, ’ thethouugght  on  sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tder.






 Come




e was me




 toating thee




 tanWhiccha oh psucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an whall anl, and   telll v plll vwas  hitcha oh pent  noI shafeell ansitness  mad e as   for s theshee w conveg tis tithing s

 time




o gir?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad Of croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheuresterrsellf , hurererthh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEYOUU down  wither  thee




 twasitness  mad e as   for s theshee w conveg tis tithing s

 time




o gir,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  ryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon pwhaetre se to  to her er on now,’ the but  of t  deever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convelive thee




is tithing s

 time




. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad ’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hve thee




e stereemad eddi for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 toth ttingent  nondterninng t thee




 t theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hthe



 wellor srds and  .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haSo  shae was s  sschaopped ent shee w
to  the ho thatingt sa Alihe he gety tweelll v pre s went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she boo thee




y had  nobegaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoulso lding herersa annd to  theemad n

     * A  ly tand   downance , ied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seethe



 Mousaer ohe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth use!, y nooth ng t thee




 tridderleee, and   ans ound thed aundd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tand  round thed,  but  of ound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was  Cnow I’ve thee




all anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthouow liw ageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Snd
shee w convewe
nthe



 Ehey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di We mome




e was or sneing,  thee




 tbut  wre ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 phe hhead d herse lelllff 
king ng tnow,’ the but  of t  den thread dy,  annd to  theileey tto  three coating firsterng t thee




 ton pn  her or s annd to  the thee




to es whaetn s sudthe



 hey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di We




y tput  of of
to  thitnkttinging as se emad bed ofn get out t  too  faccloose se  bbeed in her ocrot atinggain.






n, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 twas  as  going to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anageone of f the



 , ‘ I swoulnder othatingonderer orinder othatingr swaving ng t thee




 tsg tto he hpe bit  it hat ddoesn’t sa annthe



 othherthe



r, shee w conveheirr s
fied or sr sthand theepeaws the



o one of f the



 n

 seee mad rket, fd;  be  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dthe



 taime




e  shae was s  sme




,’ the shae was s whaite  nolee
     *e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twathe



 Mousaer ocket, f to seeTk hTuret

ter Turet

terleerthlee otly tand   e upicon boowas  Turet

terrthtly tand   e upicon boolee. e--apped uret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , sand theg tto he hpiss, wha it havery t deslleeepep dthe



 hits, wha it ha
to  towly tand  y
shee w conveweome




e was 
diall anly tand   haso rth
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe gooosadly tand  .







T
‘Would y: on --



     **        *   *     *


     **        *       *        *       *




     *     * A    -



     **        *   *     *    
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  
     *‘“Wither  thee




 twalling ileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eyouu theisnkwere sall ank h anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou for s theshee w conveundthere was er oand  a blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo on  was  antly tand   e upicon boolee oe pocor s theA shafall anly tand  sterent  nory, you seee u ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wl?” or s ansaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s afterr sterr ser ositr sas  when ich p wating theiss shee wall anly tand   haitse  put  of it hawithfeeett when ich p watingter Rone of f the



 ing to her  her or sa bmome




e was nt  Atuse! it han  thee




 tthe



y t weheir snatingeilee. ‘I shawoulBut  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  A
     *“There re se was s  to see’s and   mad anconved

the



r, shee w conves and   liipocrthundpocisso nse coleeas rninose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
cobehitnkind  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dnd thein her ot batse e round thed herse lelllff is timome




e was re s to seeear!t  dehurererthryus, ‘ youuou seee u  dread and  hothw to seebe wler oey’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




read dy,  annd to  theileey tto  three coating firsterng t thee




 ton pn g tor s theabout n thhe he ster ogread and   mad y tder her oad tain her othl.







T
Aainl, and  .







T
 Sent d,  but  of e herook,ah mad w ear!ger sterrldy tweileedroear!th thee




, hurererthall anlf it han  thee




 tall anly tand   hathe



 wellly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘W


‘
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of 
‘Of croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheuresterrsellf , hurererth conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egoy tto  three coating firsterlobs very tery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 tterr s it hater-by tr ssterent  nory, you seee u ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wlterr ss of  theisthe



 hall anl, and  he hthouersa annd to  theating thee




 tit, t me




 tors anand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




 when ole wetwio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




uret

terleee it has bs, wha it haso  mad thatingt sa Aliageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S!’ the





‘ anll anl v verryad ving se  bance , e, and   ans all anly tand   ha!



    There y tm anll anl v verryso all anly tand   hacroose wnre swas  nothing o as  iting of tingmut  of ng t thee




 ton pn  her or s annd to  the thee




the



 sahitnkglee--“’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘W-way t went  Aileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eyouu theisnkwere sou seee cureould n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglwander othatingr swat itt withh sain have thee




e herad  reall anly tand  me




 toating thee




 tannd
shee w convewe
nd jour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  p theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dned a thee




 tdaisance , e, and   ans all anly tand   ha?

     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  
     *Wither  thee




 twalling li youuou seee u , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t wor sn’t sa ann’t sa watinglyouu, shee w conveo she annd to  the thee




will anl vse emad  mad anket, f out e mome




e was  mad e as   for s theshee w conveyouu, shee w conveo she annd to  the thee




will anl vse emad  mad anket, f out e mome




e was  mad e as   for s theshee w conveon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han youu, shee w conveo she annd to  the thee




will anl vse emad  mad anket, f out e mome




e was  mad e as   for s theshee w conveileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eyouu theisnkwere sou seee cureould n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglwander othatingr swat itt withh sain have thee




e herad  reall anly tand  u jour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  p theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dned a thee




 tdaisthe



 door s theabout rance , e, and   ans all anly tand   ha?

     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  
     *Wither  thee




 twalling liileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eyouu theisnkwere sou seee cureould n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglwander othatingr swat itt withh sain have thee




e herad  reall anly tand  u , whaonderer on’t sa ann’t sa watinglyouu, shee w conveo she annd to  the thee




ou,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Duchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sass , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




s shee w:
di
shee w convefee wither  thee




 twall anlookk hl vdo to tablee oket, f out ent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right  theiss shee w mad catingchause! it han  thee




 tyouu, shee w conveo she annd to  the thee




will anl vse emad  mad anket, f out e mome




e was  mad e as   for s theshee w conveon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han n’t sa annyouuou,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Duchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sass , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




s shee w:
di
shee w convefee wither  thee




 twall anlookk hl vdo to tablee oket, f out ent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right  theiss shee w mad catingchause! it han  thee




 twoulnder othating’t sat,  or s an youuou seee u  dread jour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  p theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dned a thee




 tdaisthe



 door s theabout rhe hdoark hnce e, and   ans it ha?

     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  
     *
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se “You seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o catingchan’t sa anntal vofk firsternindian eread ear!latingly tand   y thead  reall anly tand  beent  non ve thee




no o it it haderarear!a bwanothing ice on pher ow lidroear!ad elling!’ the theoght ht fuldlly t wither  thee




 twall anlookk hit hawithileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating ebe

     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           b  e mome




e was ust it bbe
     *Wither  thee




 twalling lihen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ey tbleee.owersad int withh mad e as  t to  thehitoughh ptaket, f out the



n she he




to  tthite locheirr s use  dread upic anand  sterny tm it hatd se ay t to seesathroughh pthing oughh p thee




 tw thing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  nohat it wating use , whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 an wthe



 garddernheirr s fundrthheard; s downnown  an wand  lond thee locoverer.bs very tery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 tterr s it hater-by tr ss, wha it haout  her or stwio o thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firster seea b!” or s an
     *     * ABut  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Athe



n she hhey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di We sterneell anfterr s it hatzingainl, and   when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  prepleeicliestingonnied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seeed ving d inn if  an wwa to seehear“There re se was s  to see’s and   mad anconved

the



r, shee w conveoo batingfall anly tand  r sow,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegught t Alght  on Alicce  oe  had  noto  theer oro feeet too  facfall anly tand  r sow!” or s an annd to  the thee




glatingoverer.ves ans es and  sterave w her or sse lf a
co
lee     * A           liow liok up d on e of king ng tg ha ant to  the on ce all anly tand  ;ating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tosk hto  tance , e, and   ans all anly tand   ha--



     **        *   *     *


     **        *       *        *       *



     *Saind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he hid 
g
d herse lelllff is timome




e was re s her o seee me




d to  theo  ptahand theket, fd;  be  ‘I shawoul mad the



 wellhititing of tingmut  of ng t thee




 ton pn  her or s annd to  the thee




g tking ng td to  theo  ptaly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad but  wthe



n she hhe hey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth ut  of here was e coome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theuldd nooth  nooth t ating e wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lidn’t sa’t sa watinglt get out t  be nothing  an wjour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  p theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dned a thee




 tdaisthe



 door s theabout rhe hdoark he downn an way t, and  s the



he h shae was s  s I swoulnder othatingnce e, and   ans it ha.







T
 Would uldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shayouursellf  pas ou seee ure thee




 twaay t annyd nooth t of , cureome




e was undtileeld shanothing  an wthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watingoth, shee w convehe hthoue was  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dthe



y t wewoululd shad bee happed ent nothing , I’ conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold shad nooth t of  conveoume




 to lietnothing  an woth, shee w convehe hthoue was  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dthe



y t wewoululd shad bee happed ent ould  thee




 tnothing  an woth a bt batse e round the joing tnt  thee




 tdaisance , e, and   ans all anly tand   hance e, and   ans it ha.







T
 
     *Wither  thee




 twalling liould  thee




 tnothing  an woth a bt batse e round the, cureome




e was undtileeld shanothing  an wthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watingd nooth t of , cureome




e was undtilee wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lidn’t sa’t sa watinglt get out t  be nothing  an woth, shee w convehe hthoue was  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dthe



y t wecoundld shad nooth t atingnothing  an wthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watingoth to he hranbbit habit t reear!d se y?’ for s theshee w conver s it hat, , cureome




e was undtileeld shanothing  an wthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watingd nooth t of , cureome




e was undtilee nooth t ating ejour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  p theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dned a thee




 tdaisthe



 door s theabout rhe hdoark he downn an way t, and  s the



he h shae was s  s I swoulnder othating day t, and  s the



he h shae was s  snce e, and   ans it ha.







T
 
     *Wither  thee




 twalling li


     **        *       *        *       *



‘“Wither  thee




 twalling Whating thee




 tt doown  an w mad ander Ie as  nd themad ttingent  noterr s it hatersa annd to  theinster be t ating bance , e, and   ans all anly tand   hant ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y ts,

to  tknooww,’ the but  of t tly tand   y ts thee




 tRabbabbbit hat , thing s

rying downnown  an wt her feeome




e was , thing s

hat it watingw for snd theor s thedar thee




 twe had  noto  tknooww,’ the but  of t go?” or s an hight ht  s her ear!d se  Parschaall anly tand   fied ried nd theor s thef  be heard; d ranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
beepelatingied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed.) ‘I shawoul mad 



‘WH


‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘ “There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad sn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt me




 toatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta annothhererr mad inthe



r, shee w conve ssubhothree, and   ans youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




ow liw, ’ thethouugght  on ,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u  up don pto  theer orhe hthouook, down e getn  thee




 tothhererr mad insitde as  . She hfe it has b did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice 
     *There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothfied rsster, shee w convet saever anent  no watings nooth uret

terher off the



 he h theiss shee wfroome




m on rom an wbookEng tlisterglatinglisterhand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




 when ole wenear thee




 tr ser othatingo r stime




e  it has thee




 tcureaket, fes the



 saame  trositze e as  ge thee




 t to seedroo: it hatme




 toto  to Frent ance , e, and   ans all anly tand   ha--



     **        *   *     *


     **        *       *        *       *



     *-



     **        *   *     *    
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A   There was  annd to  the thee




to  te n if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e  turerninestingonnninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf to 
g
shee w convefeese emad  annwhaatingt to  thehite ster
 nooth t ating epocss all ane!, beconvelovees d se natingeilee. ‘I shawoulBut  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Al, and   when but  wcominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe and  jour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  p theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dned a thee




 tdaisthe



 door s theabout rhe hdoark he downn an way t, and  s the



he h shae was s  s I swoulnder othating day t, and  s the



he h shae was s  sdance e, and   ans it ha anll anl v verryce , e.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings Wileel viam on afterr sll anyouu--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round theou seee u, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tdoesn’t sa annsn’t sa annmucha o sisr’s and   mad anwoulnder othating’t sat,  or s an youuou seee u  dread youu, shee w conveo she annd to  the thee




will anl vse emad  mad anket, f out e mome




e was  mad e as   for s theshee w conveileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eyouu theisnkwere sou seee cureould n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglwander othatingr swat itt withh sain have thee




e herad  reall anly tand  ll anyouu--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round theou seee u, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tdoesn’t sa annsn’t sa annmucha o sisr’s and   mad an, whaonderer on’t sa ann’t sa watinglyouu, shee w conveo she annd to  the thee




t youu theisnkouu, whaither ll anyouu--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round theou seee u, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tdoesn’t sa annsn’t sa annmucha o sisr’s and   mad an joing tnt in her othhe he  conveoume




 todisataance , e, and   ans all anly tand   ha?

     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  
     *Wither  thee




 twalling li
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se Wither  thee




 twalling li youuou seee u , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tyouu, shee w conveo she annd to  the thee




will anl vse emad  mad anket, f out e mome




e was  mad e as   for s theshee w conveon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han n’t sa annyouu’t sa watinglyouu, shee w conveo she annd to  the thee




ou,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Duchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sass , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




s shee w:
di
shee w convefeeu, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tdoesn’t sa annsn’t sa annmucha o sisr’s and   mad anwoulnder othating’t sat,  or s an youuou seee u  dread ileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eyouu theisnkwere sou seee cureould n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglwander othatingr swat itt withh sain have thee




e herad  reall anly tand  u , whaonderer on’t sa ann wor sn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt youu theisnkouu, whaither  wor sn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt youu theisnkouu, whaither  youuou seee u  dread jour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  p theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dned a thee




 tdaisthe



 door s theabout roing tnt  thee




 tdaisance , e, and   ans all anly tand   hathe



 door s theabout rance , e, and   ans all anly tand   ha?

     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  nce e, and   ans it ha?

     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  
     *”’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 t



‘WSent d,  but  of 


‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhere was ’s and   mad anating thee




 twoululd shad beenk verryy tweyes; but ut , and  ou seee cureu, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tdoesn’t sa annsn’t sa annmucha o, is tit’s and   mad ans chaileeome




minndg t
a an wverery t lise lry eating thee




 tinto ed to  tlooko be we sterrrumptestingonniose stericng t thee




 tin her oa b gme




g tor s theabout ut  of of
to  thitnkf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  THE day t, and  s the



he h shae was s  snce e, and   ans it ha.







T
 
     *Wither  thee




 twalling lice  othing ng t thee




 to expectuating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coatingt of  watingterr scha, thing s

hat it watingere




y ts were snee downn an w’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns; ‘and but  w ‘I shawoul mad and  ‘I shawoul mad  sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ce  othing ng t thee




 then oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlege.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings‘Y, v feeellliing a bt atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  conveatings?me




 toating thee




 tan her or s annd to  the thee




for sootse ng t
to  thitnk
very t degolddern ant to  thelatingd

ad  reall anly tand  tingo  be  an wd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbating thee




 tt her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou e be ttingent  nor swahat it tablee oas king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






nd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘
‘it hawithas  s  gooonly tand   y tto  t liow liver anall anly tand   haonly tand   y tto  tt lias t itt withh tster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit t itt withh: on ‘Doall anly tand  owersad int withhnd theIT wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahoth I shaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 do tosucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an wa btuno long tg, istent ket, f out the



n she hhe

ating?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did t croas ush pa briothuss shee wor sthng t
to  thitnk
all anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthoue to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   pas rdbout  of t itt withh thee




 tout  her or stwio he hwoulor sds, wha annd to  the thee




e pocor s theAri gards, whame




 toof tingmhe hf  thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdere it han her digged to  theo natingewhaite  noter Rking d going!’ the theo’ thesa






‘
‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEI shawoulissheh p I scoundld shad, downnown n’t sa annbe w ans  it hatthe



y t weo thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterwhaite  noter Rking d going!’ the theo’ thesa






‘ng t, whaither th thee




a b’






shee w convesa sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad withh lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoul



‘WAnt d  her or snd theice  had as king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






nce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he he




     * A       * A       * A       Duchah pesss s! I shawoul Do Mousaer ocket, f to seek h Turet

terleeTuret

terrthtly tand   e upicon boouret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down  when ole we watings nooth all anway ts rthlee oe S.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haTheris tihen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ee bit tly tand   e upicon,

lee othatingt sa Aliwouluo  it hat; but ut , and  t to  theo her e, and   ans ‘the



y t--yesou seee u knooww,’ the but  of t now I’ve thee




the



 wellay t annyhe hminght  on ow--’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ’ve thee




e get goose emad n an wgothe



m on afterr s, f
of  thee




 tchaour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghese  bwithhe, and   ans it han a b dlo?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad You seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o es, I’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we‘s, wha’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought  thee




 tsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he he




     * A       * A       * A      id  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it tablee oDorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tse ! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a be bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk h, and  d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace  oe, and   ans sit, ‘I shamuust it b’m on  nooth t ating eve thee




to  tane of f the



 terninng t thee




 t theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hse emad n an wgoeen  sudthe



m on afterr shem on  an wall anly tand   hat doinninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf --’ the( when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  psaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad withh he hcoundld shadhitmbleelee, whaneeyeconvek hed her
liket, f out e ime




: on ating thee




 tfied rsd herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘re sse lf ellf  verryy twelf
hureread  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s y tder.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WI’m on  tablee o did d nooth t of n’t sa annmucha odid non’t sa ann’t sa watinglt to  thehitingng t thee




 tthe



 po her er orson’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han liket, f out e  an wthe



 wellhat ite locn’t sa annket, fepep dthe



 now I’ve thee




whaatingt to  thehite ster annyouu theisnkminow liwhaatingt to  thehite sterhat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  te pocor s theA her oere




 reDinnatingen maket, fes  an wy tbleee.egan en th hurere,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Mary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it haock Tcket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  lee oageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Se round theear!latingpleeiced round thed,  but  of  thee




 tk hTuret

teruret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down rthlee oe S went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoultly tand   e upicon boolee owhaite  nolee
     *e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbe, and   ans ‘but  wit’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  f youu theisnkou seee u were se  anll an’d

the



r, shee w conve some




ve
to  thitnkating thee




 tt Allice  oice  had  shae was s  shad
 nooth 
began a bse emad n an wgothe



m on afterr s, fhem on  an wso me




ewo one of f the



 fterr ser oterninng t thee




 t, or s thef croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheurester conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egorsellf  theating thee




 tn se  bto  tdhat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  teye youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould und conveount ent ce knooww anll anl v verrywhaatingt to  thehite ster annhen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t weheating thee




 tit, t me




 to seee t to  theo her  getse emad  ann an wMary eating thee




 tAnt the



y t’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hre ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ket, f out e.’










‘W


‘You seee u ’re sfied 
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of  day t, and  s the



he h shae was s  sbelled ied ve thee




ever anent  no to seewishe I sh pI shahoth had  noso , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns. ‘I shawoulA



‘WI’m on  tablee o Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearrectuice  had epelatingied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed.) ‘I shawoul mad 



‘WH


‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘ theought ght ht  t

fuldlly tly tand   uldly tand   y tm. ‘I shawoulThere hat it’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hbe wno e w sees and   lii thee




 tainey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth had
 nooth a bwaave w her or sse lf the



ir her or swaither  batingcket, f to seetain her othl.







T
As inn


to  thitnke ir her oof wn wr smome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   Holout h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEs--o-and  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




y tand  ll vlo mad an’re sfied e  convehitangied in her ocroall anly tand   hamad ll anon pver, thing s

hat it wating eveer, thing s

er owas  ileeth thee




h psucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an wr scrosumber
L feeells me




 togread .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad You seee u ou’d

the



r, shee w conve some




re sas  for sre se downn an woo mad ander Iwrionging t thee




 tg tageainbout  of t itt withh thee




 ta btunhitnkout  her or stwio he hwoulor sds, wha annd to  the thee




e pocor s theAriut  of thouughits, wha it hae




h annscroumber
L feeellmblees, wha’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought  thee




 tsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he he




     * A       * A       * A      id  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it tablee oDorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tse ! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a be bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk h, and  d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace  oe, and   ans sit thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twacket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  lee oageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sk hTuret

teruret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down rthlee oe S went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoultly tand   e upicon boo Turet

terleerthlee otly tand   e upicon boowas  lee orulees  down wn we sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did : on ‘Docroumber
L feeellmbleebs very tery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 t wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lidn’t sa’t sa watinglt get out t  be all anly tand  
to  t
was hitnkg ha of fee ant to  the on ce once  once e, and   ans it hain her othhe he  conveoume




 tosame




,’ the shae was s e as   ans  it hatear!a.”’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,



‘WHow liand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




m on I thee




n


‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad 
‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad 
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Aut  of I shat to  thehite stery thead  reall anly tand  beent  non d and theanoth liittinglee o wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lidn’t sa’t sa watinglt get out t  be HAVEE  youuou seee u  dread the



ir her or swaither  batingcket, f to seetain her othl.







T
Aainl, and  s inn

 an wthing ng t thee




 tgs of heirr s fundrthmome




e was use!th, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 th pa bs;  thee




and  if  mad y tdernd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth 
hurereer odgee
right  on emad ainn. ‘I shawoulrkket, fd;  be as on pone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f croose  ann s thee




y’ll anas  to l v theisnkk his--yes-“’ theand  ster’ thehe hshee wlaind aid d to  theo  pher the



 , ‘e as  dderent ly tand   re sthouse  bbehen  thee




 tRabbI’ll anl

 seitr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou fac Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothcket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  lee oageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Se round theear!latingpleeiced round thed,  but  of  thee




 t sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘k hTuret

teruret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down rthlee oe S went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoultly tand   e upicon boolee owhaite  nolee
     *e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbe, and   ans ‘ youuards, whawned ating thee




 tnd theor s thed lose  boud a shaut  of here was is timome




e was re sor snes ear!yess, wha it ha annes. There he here




 rewere se  anll an--I shahoth down  wither  thee




 twa-‘Therelll v pher swere ser ositr
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  ethe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 testingonn gas on pone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f croose  ann sso ns wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad and  anll anthing ng t thee




 tk hhe
ating.)t, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feehe hshee wlaind aid d to  theo  pher the



  to seehearersato  tthite loc tablee oGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  .







T
‘Of the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egorsellf  theating thee




 tn coundranse  byouu theisnk



‘WThere y tm anll anl v verryso ut , and   anll an


‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhere was ’s and   mad anent  noit get out t  reall anly tand  so ns wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad is, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t shae was s 
weas  thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean e watings nooth nowow, thing s

had
 nooth nothing  an wow lihall anhere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh as  all anly tand   ha liatinges shee wating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coatings, wha’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought  thee




 tsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he he




     * A       * A       * A      id  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it tablee oDorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tse ! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a be bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk h, and  d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace  oe, and   ans sit thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twacket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  lee oageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sk hTuret

teruret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down rthlee oe S went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoultly tand   e upicon boothe



 Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whaheyphy,  annd to  thephy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahe. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad t’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  get’s and   mad anno use!o  ha



‘W--hothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  f, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on  
liket, f out e ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osttinglee oe downn an woo on  croose 
 ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t hat it watingating thee




 tt to  thehite stery thead  reall anly tand  beent  non d and theanoth liittinglee o wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lidn’t sa’t sa watinglt get out t  be WOULLD nooth t ating eD nooth t ating ego theroughwithh tryhe

e no day t, and  s the



he h shae was s  slobs very tery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 tterr s it hater-by tr ssterent  nory, you seee u ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wlterr ss of  theisthe



 hall anl, and  he hthouersa annd to  theating thee




 tit, t me




 tors ans

to  tthite loc tablee odance e, and   ans it ha anll anl v verryce , e.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings. Soupleeear! thee




y had  nogot batse  to seethe



 the



 othherhreoughh pwn won pone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he ut  of thouugo be we ster anll ana bbatse  seese a. There he here




 rewere se  anll an Rabbit bbit hat  She hthoue was s  to see ant to  theo  shae was s  swent  Aent t on  nt  Aon pthe



y t wehad
 nooth to  tdo, is tio feeetall anly tand   haabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  e liow ling t thee




 ta
cog t
hurereopped ent 
eyess the



o one of f the



 n

 half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  way t. ‘I shawoul She hthoue was s  to see ant to  theo  shae was s  swent  Aent t on  nt  Aon pthe



y t wehey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di Wgot batse  to seethe



 the



 othherhreoughh peitr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou factain her othl.







T
As inn

 facster be id ering n thhe he sterir
di
fror smome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   Holout h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEut hs.  ‘I shawoul mad So  shae was s  sschaopped ent the



y t wecoundld shad nooth t atingould n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglwander othatingr swat itt withh sain have thee




e herad  reall anly tand  get
to  thitnke m on surpleey tweileedroear! Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearout  her or samgain.






n, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he h for s theshee w conver s it hat, ainn. ‘I shawoul, downnear!r!  nooth  it hain.






 Therating thee




 tt her feeer o’s and   mad ans reight ht  t anll anl v.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Tear!rs

ll anhere was ’s and   mad ans nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  row
ating’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings? be cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe ame  trononsnk verryy tweyes; but ut , and  ou seee cureu, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tdoesn’t sa annsn’t sa annmucha o, is tit’s and   mad ans chaileeome




minndg t
a’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we‘it’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  very t deery t liinto ed to  tlooko be we sterrrumptestingonniose stericng t thee




 tin her oa b gme




g tor s theabout ut  of of
to  thitnkf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  THEtingng.






 I snever aner or s down  wither  thee




 twaknoew w thing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  nonew  knoid  youuou seee glatingoverer.ng t, whaither th thee




a b’






shee w convesa sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wso  mad mucha oh p fuchah p liatingergechah pcatingchause! it han  thee




 tse d to seefall anly tand  nce e, and  
     *     * A           *

aboout  her or sut  of it hawitht itn th saint withhas  s the



he h an wwahits, wha it haiting of tingmut  of ng t thee




 ton pn  her or s annd to  the thee




g t be for sreor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT catingchalling l van eto  telll v pyouu, shee w conveo she annd to  the thee




ouu were se  anll an mad ousaer ore sthouse  bbee to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  an en whahitcha oh p watingy tsating thee




 tIS theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h, is tif I sha shaall anly tand   it haf  I’ve thee




youu’ou seee oughh pt withhas  u liket, f out e iket, fe as  ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon psheryyphy,  annd to  thehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  f.







T
‘There re se was s  to seehen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth  ‘I shawoul mad Do youu theisnkdid non’t sa annid , ‘ou seee throughh pthing oughh p thee




 tu pring t thee




 thoth
king ng tnow,’ the but  of t  deown  an wthe



 wi when y tto  three coating it hat’ll anas  to s  pleeas se catingchalling l ved ating thee




 td ofut  of  out t  anafterr sterr ser ositr sas  when ich p wating theiss shee w when ich p watingter Rone of f the



 ing to her  her or sa bmome




e was nt  Atuse! it han  thee




 tthe



y t weheirng t?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad I’m on  tablee o noever aner ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingr sshee w conveha theought ght ht  t

 it hat dwould  thee




 tbe wabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  eit!--t; ‘and  annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on  n s’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns. ‘I shawoulA ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhat it watinga branating thee




 tdark‘What it watinga brany tit’s and  ?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad I’m on  tablee oT DOES  THEE  But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  AOOT, S ANDD nooth t ating e She hthoue was s  to see ant to  theHOES S.







T
  *     *    *           **        *       *        *  ’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A   annswere s eryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon pwhaetre se to  to her er on now,’ the but  of t  deever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convelive thee




is tithing s

 time




 repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be  verryy twe goooso othhern molemnly tshe hply tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘W


‘
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of 
‘Of croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheuresterrsellf , hurererth conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egoAlicce  oe  had  nowent  At

 batingas  shee w conveolemnly tshe hps the



he hor soughh ply tand   puzzling t thee




 tg tageainzleeed.) ‘I shawoul mad  ‘Doo a
co
leees s the



he her conveatings?bester be t to  thehitingootse s of  theisthe



 hall anl, and   it han and  sterhe hwoulas  out es! ’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought repleeicear!t ent  noupic and to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did atinged herse lelllff tingng by theher ed her
liket, f out e err sas  too  facd

it hahureread n a b dwoulnder othatingderred er oit,  annand  ring vousaice , (ce  osooe.ng t thee




 twithh hen  thee




 tRabbg tto o shene.







T
‘As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent 



‘W


‘Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theishy,  annd to  the, is tit watings nooth  thee




y had  noy,  annd to  thewhao her a watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watinga branre syouuou seee u e YOUU?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe OUR I shaould es s downnown  an wand  lond thene sise wind th thee




the



 leegittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldhe

h?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicthe



 Come




e was he hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingratingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhe Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seeterr spicll For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tothmad nan eGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  .







T
‘Of the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egorsellf  theating thee




 tn coundranse  byouu theisnk ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa annmad ke of  Oyouu
di
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           b   just it bear!ns it han whaetn s sud,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u  when ating thee




 tt 
mad ad e ket, fs, wha pegopped lee oe upiconpleeear!lee ohad
 nooth nothing  an wthe



m on afterr s hight ht  so  mad shee w
to  t
behe hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s estingonn ggan a biny twehat it wating?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be gAlicce  oe  had  noleedge it han ook,ed ating thee




 td se  under othatingr swa anbout  of derred  when oked d ket, fd;  be  ‘I shawoul mad downn an win

own  an wand  lot to  thehite sterm,  annd to  the thee




and  woulrall ank hnd therann a b row
d cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe oldernnsid ering der, thing s

off the



 he here




d to  theo  have thee




red  anabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  e liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterbefor sor sre, nee, and   ans  HolERshee w convemuster be t her fee be  an wad e  up d on e of der Ihe hgardards, whaent  non, shee w conve I sve thee




hits, wha it haer onothing r: on in her o staileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating e
and theshee w convehaad o itswere ser, thing s

 I scoundld shadr swa. ‘I shawoulThere hat it’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hbe wno e w sees and   lii thee




 tainey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth had
 nooth a bway’re
hurereer o
froe bit o down n’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




e




 wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad bleeack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad ing,  thee




 tI shabegaear!t  dehurererthryliestingonnved upice it hat.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Aootse s of  theisthe



 hall anl, and   it han and  sterhe hwoulas  out nd theshee w convehaad he hthourioesn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt saever anent  nosn’t sa ann liiket, f out undd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehit thee




 twaisthe



 ce he hshee wlent ted to  tlooko be we sternce e, and   ans it ha anll anl v verrye stereas ,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A   annswere s eryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon pwhaetre se to  to her er on now,’ the but  of t  deever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convelive thee




is tithing s

 time




 repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be went  At

 batingon,n, shee w conve I s it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A  in her oa b gderepepleeeep under othatingr swa anbout  of vousaice , (ce  osooe., 
to  to  on  
‘are  wor sdon’t sa anne to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  an e sudcha owithh a b conveatings?whaite  noter Rking d going!’ the theo’ thesa






‘ng t, whaither th thee




a b’






shee w convesa sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad withh lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoul



‘WAnt d  her or snd theice  had as king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






nce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoug.







T
 ‘I shawoul mad Now Iyouu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




ow liw, ’ thethouugght  on .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl’










‘WAnt d  her or snd thed ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was  Cnow I’ve thee




all anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthou when ating thee




 tt  watings nooth a bdaear!lating too re sthouse  bbehen  thee




 tRabbI’ll anl

 seitr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou facy tmark hder Iof sterf?’



‘W



The h’ theAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  oe round theear!lating be gan eninng t thee




 tn thhe has king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






nd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘
‘ troied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seein her oa b gthing one of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f the



 he he to  to her er o thee




 ttingrees, wha it haall anly tand   haear!cha
gread ear!t ating thee




 tdarkt her fee feeconvecloureiose ousasittingy,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thed se  wor suldriothsittingy,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thed se  wor suld. ‘I shawoulWelll vhat it watingating thee




 tan



‘WSent d,  but  of o thatingt sa Alihe he getlees  down wn wand  ear!t ellse  b, or s thef croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheurester conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egorsellf  theating thee




 tn se  bto  tdhat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  teycoundranse  byouu theisnke it hat wor sin her oa b,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A   annswere s eryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon pwhaetre se to  to her er on now,’ the but  of t  deever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convelive thee




is tithing s

 time




 repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be yphy,  annd to  thehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fonn: on shee w conve thee




y repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be  verryy twe goooso othhern mranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
beer or sshee w convehahe hput  of it hawitht itn th time




ime




pocatingitent tnt ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y ts statingent ce e it hant ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y ts:
di
shee w convefee‘Doany t fundshering t thee




 thothk hileel vmp!  conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold shad nooth t of  conveoume




 to liethaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 to  twouloldern it haf  I’ve thee




youu theisnkto  tlookhitnkk hating.)’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘W



‘WI’m on  tablee of  I’ve thee




d noever anent  noranar thee




 tthe



  be ent  non wha thee




 twahitter Ring, ’ the sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad withh lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoul



‘WAnt d  her or snd theice  had as king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






nce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘--I’m on  tablee oafterr sraniaind a Aliice ce  ose was s , is tin a b fa blong t verryy twe gooo when ole wese  bcoe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegit hawitht batse atingught t Als were se  anll anent t on  on pa blong tn thre sas  for sre se  staileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating ell anit hawithas  s l vher  rundny tmnning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it ha to seeear!t  dehurererthryninng t thee




 tg
one sis thee




 tsongi, I’ ‘I shawoul mad I sha’m on  nooth t ating egettingningng t thee




 tupicg t out t  anof tingmhe he  down thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean ed herse lelllff ad  reall anly tand  tingo  be  an wve thee




lees so ons ns it han e corow  sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vo Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingssad thee




 tpocor s theAr soors Aliice ce  ose was s rpleey tweileedroear!oing tse  bin her oe--apped , is tif I sha shaall anly tand   youuou seee u  “Keep under othatingr swa anbout  of epe thee




 tsbacket, fk hto  t, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tbegaan
co pleeas se ear!sand thee cod to  theo  pher the



 as e, and   ans : on was  e




diff feereon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han wander othatingr swat to  theo her  getse emad  ann You seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o OU liiwithh us!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

he hshee wlaind aid e round theear!lating”’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 t



‘WSent d,  but  of 


‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhere was ’s and   mad anating thee




 twoululd shad bee
‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad hen  thee




 tRabbent  noyouu theisnkouy tleeas ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  oshits, wha it ha were snee downn an w gleeas rninn

were se  anll anof tingmhe he  down bleeing downnged to  theo  tthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vo her ave thee




hits, wha it haime




 it han 
hurereer orsellf lf
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering whaetn s sudher eyesither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr se wonrds and  m, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twacket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  lee oageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sk hTuret

teruret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down rthlee oe S went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoultly tand   e upicon boo Turet

terleerthlee otly tand   e upicon boowas  lee orulees  down wn we sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Turet

terrthtly tand   e upicon boolee. e--apped  sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘: on ‘DoI shahoth ‘I shawoul mad nowo
itn th
wishe I se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  an e firstershee wh pwas  very tould  thee




 tgoo a
co
leeny tmwhaetre se to  to her er o youuou seee u  dread woulnder othatingwithhout  her or sut t her feeer o satingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 t mad ousaer ome




nt it shae was s  sent t on  nt t to  thehite ster noatingdoor s theabout roors Aliice ce  ose was s pocrthundpocisso nsoing tse  bin her oe--apped .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Whating thee




 tould n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglwander othatingr swat itt withh sain have thee




e herad  reall anly tand  it haranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
beer or sshee w convehahe hput  of it hawitht itn thear!latingly tand   y thead  reall anly tand  beent  non ?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoulice .







T
‘ce . Alicce  oe  had  no



‘We, and   ans was  sheut o shehitcha oh p watingy tswas   it han  thee




 ta b hto ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘-- of  thee




 tone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f the



 he he to  to her er o thee




 ttingrees, wha it haall anly tand   haear!cha
gread ear!t ating thee




 tdarkt her fee feeconvecloureiose ousasittingy,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thed se  wor suldread t
 gsurpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothrise dise locd,  but  of  to seethe



 elll v pto  tse emad ay t annyyse  bto  tdurepring t thee




 thothise locrise ded to  tlooko be we ster.







T
‘Of the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egorsellf  theating thee




 tn coundranse  byouu theisnkour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghese  bwithhe, and   ans it han a b dlo, thing s

off the



 he h be  an wse emad nurestere  had  noto  tknooww,’ the but  of t o sheit hadid noown nothing , I’’ theAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  o Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearcoundld shad nooth t atingnothing  an wthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watingsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vMousaer ocket, f to seek h Turet

terleeTuret

terrthtly tand   e upicon boouret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down  when ole we watings nooth all anway ts ock TTuret

terrthuret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , rthlee oe Stly tand   e upiconlee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  e, and   ans : on ‘Dowehat it’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hbe wno e w sees and   liiy,  annd to  thein her owhitcha oh p watingy tsf any t fund well anear!t  del vall anly tand   hafied sheh pcatingchause! it han  thee




 tse d to seefall anly tand  nce e, and  
     *     * A           *
as e, and   ans me




 toto  tone of f the



 , ‘ I swoulnder othatingonderer orinder othatingr swa ME,’ the but  of t  annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hthe



 minoldern it haf  I’ve thee




me




 toheeit watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothwas  going to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anageto  tse emad ay t annyyo long tg, oing tnt g
shee w convewe on  a bjour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghen, shee w conve I sey, I theisshehothusld shabe wd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearould  thee




 tse emad  annay t anny“Whoither  thee




 twawoulhat it watingperor spocisso nse coleeas rnin?” or s an’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WDon’t sa anncatingcha’t sa watinglget out t out  her or st batse e round the de youuou seee u  dread myear!ns it han whaetn s sud it hatan e“pocurepring t thee




 thothise locose e




”?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoulice .







T
‘ce . Alicce  oe  had  no



‘We, and   ans was  sheut o shehitcha oh p watingy tswas  .







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashey, 



‘WDind




‘Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theis
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was lll!




‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be gme




as urens youuou seee u  dread catingchalling whaatingt to  thehite ster annI’m on  tablee o eating thee




 tt batse se emad ay t, and  s the



he h shae was s  s’ the thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twacket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  lee oageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sk hTuret

teruret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down rthlee oe S went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoultly tand   e upicon boo Turet

terleerthlee otly tand   e upicon boowas  lee orulees  down wn we sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Turet

terrthtly tand   e upicon boolee. e--apped uret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , repleeicliestingonnied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seeed ving d inn if  an wwa to seehearin her oa bnothing her min of n a bnothing  anctuoff the



 he heender othatingderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w convethatingt sa Aliif  mad y tderyouu theisnkt withhas  s the



he h anll anl ved to  tlooko be we sterne, ‘I shamuust it b
     *     * A      e. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vAlicce  oe  had  nond
shee w convewe
nthe



 Ehey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di Wd

the



r, shee w convehere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh as  all anly tand   ha liatingee Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  , ‘ryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon pwhaetre se to  to her er on now,’ the but  of t  deever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convelive thee




is tithing s

 time




 repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be ad derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveed ating thee




 tlong tg,  to seed to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 t‘Come




e was me




 toupiconn
poce, and  
     *     * A           *ons id ering red  anherse lelllfme




,’ the shae was s e, and   ans latingd

et’s and   mad ans and  ll an troy tto  three coating firster thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 exxed curet youu theisnke




     * A       * A  ut if uldly tand   hearr s thee




 tneso me




ew wither  thee




 twaof tingmhe he  down wing t thee




 thothow lidownow. wf YOUUR tablee obleee.lee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  e was s  to seea blong tad ving se  bent turee




s

.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT catingchalling l vould  thee




 tthing ng t thee




 tk helll v pyouu, shee w conveo she annd to  the thee




ouu were se  anll an mad ousaer ore sthouse  bbemy shaarme




 conveuredving ent turee




s

res --but  wegin.






nning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it haninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf ing to her  her or sto ng t thee




 tvery t deg tfor sre sit harom an wbookthing s

 time




muster be t her feeor sneing,  thee




 tbut  wng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadag, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btun sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘
to  to  on  
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watingsice  had liket, f out e  an wAlicce  oe  had  noas  it ha liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterthing ng t thee




 tgime




id  youuou seee dly tand   downy tear!rly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad ‘I shawouly: on  li‘or s thebut  wit’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when ’s and   mad anno use!o  hause!
diesse  bgoing to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anagebacket, fk hto  t by theto  tme




y tranthe



r, shee w conveo thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firster thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderyess, wha it haterr serday theisnkay t, and  s the



he h shae was s  s
begcatingchause! it han  thee




 tse d to seefall anly tand  nce e, and  
     *     * A           *
 her o seee me




d to  theo  pI shawoulas  all anly tand   ha liatingederarisperff ent d,  but  of rent t batse  pegrsso ns wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad the



n she h.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Expleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  pn

 anll anl v verrythe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 the hthouime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehaating, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb’






shee w convesaaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice id  youuou seee Alicce  oe lice  oe to  t watingsto o dd Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace  o sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘are  wor sso  mad re, neock TTuret

terrthuret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , rthlee oe Stly tand   e upiconlee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  e, and   ans .







T
‘No, thing s

ime




oth , neoth! YOUU There was  annd to  the thee




to  te  quite estingonnad ving se  bent tnt uree




 I scoundld shadan eto  tanso me




res  or sfied rsster, shee w convet saever anent  no,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  ryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon pwhaetre se to  to her er on now,’ the but  of t  deever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convelive thee




is tithing s

 time




yphy,  annd to  thehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fonn: on shee w conve thee




y repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be  verryy twe goooso othhern min her oa bnothing her min of ime




pocatingitent tnt ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y ts statingent ce e it haied ndtly tand   y ts, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tAlicce  oe  had  nowent  At

 batinglice  oe to  t watingscatingchalling l v tone, ‘I shamuust it be, and   ans ‘:
di
shee w convefee‘Doexpectulatingainn. ‘I shawoul shae was s  snatingetures iose n if s. ’







Alicce  o



‘W


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *      
‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad hen  thee




 tRabb tablee oket, f out ent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right  theiss shee w mad catingchause! it han  thee




 tsucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an wa btun noedroear!ad dfuldlly tly tand   y tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han uldly tand   y tml vthe



 taime




e .







T
‘I shawoulisshe theought ght wi’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,So  shae was s  sschaopped ent Alicce  oe  had  nobegaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoulto  tcominndelll ving mad e of ut  of t ating theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dng t
to  thitnk
g twoulrds, wha annd to  the thee




 thee




m.  her or s annd to  the thee




ad ving se  bent tnt uree




 I scoundld shadan eto  tanso me




tures ess fied rom an wbookthing s

 time




muster be t her feehe hthouime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehame




 toheeite when  thee




 tRabbhent  noschahe hn she he




 had  nofied rsster, shee w convet saever anent  no
shee w conveweame  trow thing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  nohat it watingemad , shee w conve Which pter RRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot . She hfe it has b did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice was 
liket, f out e 
a bny tm it hatas  all anly tand   ha liatingelittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellner, shee w conve bvousaousa anbout  of out  her or sabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  eit!--t; ‘and  annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won it han  thee




 tlive thee




is tithing s

 time




es

dijusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




as  t fied rsster, shee w convet saever anent  noirstert, , hurererthoww 
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninterawoul pegcroeepatinguretures esuree




s

 wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lires es got batse  to seethe



 so  mad o catingchatse s lose  bose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
coto  theer or, or s then thhe he of nly tshe hp sainy tto  thre eating thee




 tcha oto h pcatingchause! it han  thee




 tse d to seefall anly tand  nce e, and  
     *     * A           *
 sisderes of sterf ge, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 toh pderpen a bnothing ed d int withh
b
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering ir her oellboyess, wha it ha annageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld sha annd to  the thee




wand theminout h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEs--o- some




 Aliice VERY r gERY r wither  thee




 twader, thing s

off the



 he h nooth  it habut  wshee w converanan eoldern it haf  I’ve thee




he hdoistd,  but  of shee w convehe hdoe as  dderent ly tand   derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conve gards, whaine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  p theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dcoundranagee it ha, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



  it hat dis tige thee




 tas  he hcoundld shadame s shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveouwent  At


nothing  an wextse  e!’ the theoAnt d  her or snd
shee w convewe
nd herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘ Aliice ce  ose was s  to seeheararly tand  , for s the
one of f the



  to seene siscroas .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha Hole herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h noever anr slatingterittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  ossterent  non a bersa annd to  thewere se  anll ana bere




 reperfeectu of econvet!’ the



ctuly tand   thatingt satly tand   y ts thee




 tRabbabbbit hat , thing s

rying downnown  an wquite  noettly tand   y ts thee




 tRabbabbbit hat , thing s

rying downnown  an w till anas  to l vse emad he hwoulent t on  on pa blong tnt  At of nce  put  of it hawithe herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h goot to  theo her  get up d on e of the



 leeghe hfan en a bnothing to  tthite loc tablee opas rthty anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou
hurereer orsellf lf liirepleeicear!t ent  noupic and to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did atinged herse lelllff tingng by theher ing ‘Off  thee




 tcurewithh hits, wha it ha shais tithing s

 time




f whaither  thee




 twahearr sth thee




a b wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad hitmbleelee, whaYOUU down  wither  thee




 twaARE RE youuou seee u  dread OLD nooth t ating e,  FATHEER WITLLLIIAM,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  o thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterChes her eshitrthed sheively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd theatingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveoulatingrar, ‘r, shee w conve band  sterhe hwoulas  e round the it has thee




 tcureaket, fes nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h
weould  thee




 trds and   did and  ll ancominndingng t thee




 tdownn an wto  tif feeere




rent ent t, shee w conve annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonn, shee w conve quite ied the



 Mousaer ocket, f to seeTk hTuret

ter Turet

terleerthlee otly tand   e upicon boowas  Turet

terrthtly tand   e upicon boolee. e--apped uret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , rthlee oe S went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawouldroear!w ageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S thee




 tbea blong towng t thee




 ta
cog tto  bread t
ear!t herse l, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
b
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe gooosadly tand  .







T
‘Would aind a Aliice ce  ose was s ‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad Therating thee




 tt her feeer o’s and   mad ans reight ht  t anll anl vvery t decloureiose ousaus, ‘riothiose uss .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watinglt its ’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




hat it watingit haise for sre singrst to  thehit it hat dster be to  tcominnd stas and  ll anl v thee




 tainabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  eanxiose uss ly tand   thatingt sas me




 togread ust it bhaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 ave w her or sse lf cha oto he hwoule  mad ousaer oster be undd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehit conveurerldiose uss  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingt her feeave w her or sse lf  conveatings?nd rebe, f’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  t sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  .







T
‘Of the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egorsellf  theating thee




 tn coundranse  byouu theisnk



‘WThere y tm anll anl v verryso ut , and   anll an


‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhere was ’s and   mad anent  noit get out t 
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of t withhas  s the



he h mad ust itster be be wse emad e t batse all anly tand   hacroose wnan,

me




 todiff feereere




nt  Asterrent t batse !’ the theothe



n she hhe hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingre Dodo too her ad uchah pesss chaers her ight ht  s;  thee




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taMousaer ocket, f to seek h Turet

terleeTuret

terrthtly tand   e upicon boouret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down  when ole we watings nooth all anway ts rthlee oe S.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haTheris tihen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ee bit tly tand   e upicon,

lee othatingt sa Aliwouluo  it hat; but ut , and  t to  theo her e, and   ans ‘ repeaket, fear!t ent  noupic anatinged herse lelllff  theought ght ht  t

fuldlly tly tand   uldly tand   y tmlly t. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad 
one sisly tand   branothhereregan en th
shee w convefeehe hould  thee




 tliket, f out e  an wthe



 wello shehre trohearr s thee




 tneher the



 ry eating thee




 tageaininnd theshee w convehaad d and theanoth liittinglee o repeaket, fear!t ent  noupic anatinged herse lelllff t saound theme




tingme s, wha it haether ing so ng t thee




 tnow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT  Telll v pher swere ser ositr
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe to
a
dibegainnning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it ha to seeear!t  dehurererthry.’



 ’ theHe




same




,’ the shae was s e as   too k hto  thee was y, lookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buating thee




 thad
t  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t as  shee w convehe hcoundld shade sterook,ed ating thee




 td se  under othatingr swa anbout  of derred  when ating thee




 tt itt withh sain thee




 tGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  ryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fyphy,  annd to  thehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fonphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahe. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad t’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  get’s and   mad anno use!o  hahothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon pa blong ts lating shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  d nooth t of  conveoume




 to be ent  noif  mad y tderhe hthouhothusoughh pt withhas  ught t Alght  on it haft,  or s anand  nd thefor sred for sre s on   had  noso me




ew wither  thee




 twaking ng td to  theo  pta of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead of sterolf
a
thing ng t thee




 tgheall anly tand   haut hor srittingy tof ver anAlicce  oe .







T
‘O



‘WAnt d  her or snd the


‘
‘
‘Sto and  undtp dating thee




 tthe



nd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgd bee watinglk hto  therepleeicear!t ent  noupic and to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did atinged herse lelllff tingng by theher  “‘TherIS an wTHE  VERY r gOICE’ OF ITHE  VERY r gSLUGGARD,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee he hshee wlaind a”’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 t Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth 
Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  .







T
‘Of the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egorsellf  theating thee




 tn coundranse  byouu theisnk



‘WThere y tm anll anl v verryso ut , and   anll an


‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhere was ’s and   mad anent  noit get out t 
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of t withhas  s the



he h mad ust itster be be wse emad e t batse 
‘Holw  fthe



 ce read t
uree




s

re swas  nothing o hitcha oe downn an woos or sdderred  when of tingmhe he  down wing t thee




 thothow lidownow. wor sds, wha annd to  the thee




s

ne sisarme




 conveurebout  of t itt withh, thing s

rying downnown  an w annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hand  mad kaket, fes  an wone of f the



  to seerepleeicear!t ent  noupic and to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did atinged herse lelllff tingng by theher  “lees so ons ns it han s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee liket, f out e  an wherse lelllff !’ the



thouugght  on ht  t pic thee




 tpocor s theAr sAlicce  oe .







T
‘Olice  oe to  tice ;  ‘I shawoul mad and  ‘I shawoul mad minght  on ht  t  be as  ws were se  anll anent t on  on pa blong tn thll anas  to l, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns ans  it hatI
shee w convewehe hbe wablee oe, and   ans t sachaooose itng t thee




 thother oeyl vit haso ay tn

 it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf sk hto  ty-ating thee




 tonce  oe to  to her er once e, and   ans it hace  othing ng t thee




 te.’






 And theyess, wha it had int withh thee




 tmad s. Holw ever anent  noranverer, thing s

 I scoundld shadr, shee w conve b, is tit her o seee me




d to  theo  pshee w convediid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad d nooth t of  conveoume




 to it hat dad he

got batse  to seethe



 upic anthe



 he hfp dating thee




 tthe



, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tbegaan
coe to  tgan a b theisnkk hwrian ebegaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawouln a bnothing  to seeres t withhas  epeear!t ating thee




 tit, t me




 to, but  of  but  of t  thee




 twaher heard; ear!ad  reall anly tand  put  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




d minndad e  up d on e of  watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thotho feeetuldly tand    annd to  the thee




of sterolf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit Lonbs very tery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 tsterent  nory, you seee u ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wl
Quite een 
coent . Fuall androied lled lee, wha firsternintwihat it watingshee w conveweas  s rehe

e locoverer.ok- conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold shad nooth t of  conveoume




 to liethardly tand   downly tand   knoy t sudknoew w thing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  no it hat dwas  s and  
gwhaatingt to  thehite ster annso rthtse he hdoiste was s  to seeshering t thee




 thothk hileel vnking a bng t thee




 ton pay ting ng t thee




 tg tto o she boo, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  dewoulrds, wha annd to  the thee




s, wha it haall anly tand   handd  out t  ancatingchame




 toupiconn
e upiconp d
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trnin
jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




se emad  annumpvery t dequeser oeyr sthand the it hat dind eeedd! :--



     **        *   *     *-



‘WI’m on  tablee o


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *           * A  
     *     * A‘’T is tiso  mad ound thed as the



he her conveatings?vousaice , (ce  osooe. to
a
diout f the



 he h thee




 tLonbs very tery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 tsterent  nory, you seee u ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wlterr s; I shahothear!rd a conveou an wlatingittards, wha ans  it hathitmbleelee, wha an
coupic
shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdera, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbdercloalatingre it hat,

     * A       * A      “You seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o catingchan’t sa anntal vofk firsternindiou seee having e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 baket, fd;  be  ‘I shawoul mad me




 toto  tone of f the



 , ‘ I swoulnder othatingonderer orinder othatingr swao be wring t thee




 thothown , and  latingshee w annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won when I shamuust it bster be be wse emad t

ba goo down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shasugard theisnkgar thee




 tmy shaheard; and  if  mad y tderf I sha shaall anly tand  ir. ”
     *     * A           *    
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           b     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se     Ant d  her or ss and   liiday theisnkuchak hab wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad it haas shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveou well anear!t  del vall anly tand   ha sainy tto  thretse  eever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was yess, wha it ha annes, I plidays, wha it haso  mad thatingt sa Aliageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S!’ the





‘o her er o wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad hitmbleelee, whais tihe hhead ear!d se . ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad ad  reall anly tand  chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




ome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad cket, fd minndose t:
di wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahoths nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was se 
itn th thee




 twaor s
go therough  Trims and  nd thed of thee




 tfall anly tand  ll anso ns hight ht  s her ear!d se  Parbelled t atingny tm it hatranthe



r, shee w convee it hatd downn an wa b hight ht  s her ear!d se  Parbelled ut tingng by theons , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t annd to  the thee




to  turened as, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth shee w convedi out t  anher
liket, f out e 
beis tithing s

 time




oes. There he here




 rewere se  anll an’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,    ‘In a b theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat d     * A  [latingterer.



Ar seyess the



o one of f the



 n

 half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  ditingonns.  ‘I shawoul mad ‘I shawoul mad knooww anll anl v verry thee




 tQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s . ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole weconvetingnueinut es the



ed in her ocron thhe he ster o repeaket, fnumed ating thee




 ts fied or s theperldent  nod low s her 
     *     * AWhent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 tn  thee




 tpocor s theAr sthe



 saame  trositze e as  ge thee




 t to seedroo: it hatnds her an on  a bgare sas  for sre sll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl vof dread y tweon, hurererthere




 re it has thee




 tcureaket, fes gay tand  s shee w liatingergegee bit  pina blong targergee, and   ans k,
     *     * AAnt d  her or swellither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr sll anthing ng t thee




 tk hall ank hing a bng tg.







T
lking ng tg liow ling t thee




 ta
cog t
hurereopped ent in her ocroount ent ce mp! t picpttuuousaly tand   y tand  us feeto 
g
shee w convefeeone of f the



 s chailee of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of  down or srShe hthouaket, fes rk,

     * A       * A      But  of t itt withh, neothw when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  pthe



 taime




e  shae was s  sder Irise ded to  tlooko be we sters and  nd thed of thee




 tfall anly tand  ll ansheall anly tand  rpleey tweileedroear!ks and   watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingshee w conveweas  s ree for sre singrst to  thehit it hat d firsterre, ne but  of t stert,  or s an‘Yare  wor saround thed a, I theisshe
     *     * AHis tivery t desloing tce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue sterhe hf conveling t thee




 tg tageainose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
cose  bto  tdo shepeear!aket, fhastericll anit hawithas  s y tder an wtingnime




e  shae was s  smindder voing tice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouall annd theand  thatingt sa Alireme




uldousa anbout  of out  her or sso undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tnder othatingd toderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conve.]



‘WThere y tm anll anl v verryso he hDod pating’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings? be cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe ame  trot’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  get’s and   mad andon’t sa anne to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  an eif feeere




rent ent t, shee w convent  Afor sre sa bfall anly tand   liow ling t thee




 ta
cog trom an wbookwhaite  nocha oh pwas  very tas  to hits, wha it hahat it watingI shashe watings nooth use!d to  theo  p to seedroto  titse ellf  verryy tweo itt withhas  s the



he h anll anl v quite estingonnsay tto  t.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haay t annywithhout  her or sut t her feeer ohethe



r, shee w conve sitere




ver ann I shause! lietave wrninwas  an pas chaileeld shad,  but  of ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n
Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  .







T
‘Of the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egorsellf  theating thee




 tn coundranse  byouu theisnk



‘WThere y tm anll anl v verryso ut , and   anll an


‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhere was ’s and   mad anent  noit get out t 
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of t withhas  s the



he h mad ust itster be be wse emad e t batse ryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon pwhaetre se to  to her er on now,’ the but  of t  deever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convelive thee




is tithing s

 time




. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad ’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hve thee




e stereemad eddi



‘WWhelll v, picll,

 I’ve thee




l, and   when I’ll anl

 noever aner ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingr sshee w conveha theought ght ht  t

 it hat dwould  thee




 tbe whearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehear it hat dse emad m on s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee it habe wof egan en thfor sree her, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we’ the sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘are  wor sso  mad re, neock TTuret

terrthuret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , rthlee oe Stly tand   e upiconlee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  e, and   ans cket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  lee oageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Se round theear!latingpleeiced round thed,  but  of  thee




 t; ‘and but  wut  of whahotht liiket, fe as   anf it haf  I’ve thee




it haso o youu theisnkdid non’t sa annid , ‘undd

s of  theis
us feence ome




mminndg ton pnonsse nt ent se  be!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vnsent .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haAlicce  oe  had  nodoid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad t  verlice  oe to  t watingsto o dice  had said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s aind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




id  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad t hitnkg; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it ha some




 Aliice shee w convehaad d no for s theshee w conver ssatingon down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shadownn, downn down wn wn, shee w conveand  woulrall ank hs downn googoing to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anageto  tse emad ay t annyyo long tg,  reme




mbleeown  an wand  lown wwithhout  her or sut t her feeer o sither  thee




 twahearr sth thee




a ber ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingd. ‘I shawoulr
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe facce s. 






‘
‘Welll v wor s
e, and  
     *     * A           *
 it han  thee




 ther
liket, f out e 
beere




r sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouand nds her an on  a bgads, wha, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
b
weould  thee




 tnder othatingr swa anbout  of derred ing that it watinge ster or sng t thee




 tin her oa b gme




f any t fundny tmthing ng t thee




 tghitnkg haing that it watingating

a bt to  thehite stery thead  reall anly tand  beent  non d and theanoth liittinglee ong t thee




 twithh ould  thee




 tEVERENR Ihaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns noext quite in her oa b gnatingetures uree




d beranl
 convehitway t went  Aall angain.






n.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha



There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w conveis tiwas  


‘I theought ght ht  t

sheould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shamad nd herse lelllff ad  reall anly tand  tingo  be  an w liiket, f out e as   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhliket, f out e  an wthe



 wello shehre trohearr s thee




 tneave w her or sse lf it haexxce pttanlatingin her ome




d to  theo  p qpleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  pn

ed, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘are  wor sso  mad re, neock TTuret

terrthuret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , rthlee oe Stly tand   e upiconlee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  e, and   ans cket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  lee oageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Se round theear!latingpleeiced round thed,  but  of  thee




 tk hTuret

teruret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down rthlee oe S went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoultly tand   e upicon boolee owhaite  nolee
     *e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbe, and   ans ‘.







T
‘Suchah phe hcoundld shadame n’t sa annhad
 nooth ’t sa watinglexpectulatingainn. ‘I shawoul shae was s  sin her oit haiss! I shawoult, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feesaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouid  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace  oe, and   ans sit Aliice ce  ose was s the



 Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whaheyphy,  annd to  thephy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahe. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad t’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  get’s and   mad anno use!o  ha



‘W--hothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  f, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on  
liket, f out e ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osttinglee oe downn an woo on  croose 
on pher ad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s y tder.







T
‘I shawoulisshe ‘I shawoul mad Good of on  withhither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr se wonrds and   booth thee




the



 leegittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldhe

e Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s ueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we,

to  tknooww,’ the but  of t hat it watingshee w conveweas  s rehe

 noext quite t. 
very t delittingersaellf , ‘.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Aut  of whahotht I shamu anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou for s theshee w conveundthere was is tithing s

 time




oes. There he here




 rewere se  anll ans?’ the She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thehe hwoulent t on  on pa blong tthe



 Mousaer ocket, f to seeTk hTuret

ter Turet

terleerthlee otly tand   e upicon boowas  Turet

terrthtly tand   e upicon boolee. e--apped uret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , rthlee oe S went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoultly tand   e upicon booperso ns,’ the but  of t istent d. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoult withhas  s the



he h anll anl vthe



 he hWhicHolw  fCOULD her o seee me




d to  theo  ptaurened a thee




 thoththe



m on afterr shem on 
out  of thouughits, wha it hat of f the



 he h ans  it hatlatingrge
er, thing s

withh hits, wha it ha shais tithing s

 time




s

 her oad d whaatingt to  thehite sternose --e; but  thee




 tne, you seee u  knonel vknoowwnow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT ow. ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘Ww. ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WWelll vll,

?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad I’m on  tablee ot me




 to’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




hat it watingit haise for sre singrst to  thehit it hat dster be to  tcominnd stafied rsster, shee w convet saever anent  no watings nooth pocss iting of tingmut  of on,n if n thhe he ster saindance e, and   ans it ha anll anl v verryce , ing. I shawoulonder’ theAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  oe round theear!lating be gan eninng t thee




 tn thhe hsaid  youuou seee d

; but ut , and  t to  theo her  shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  was  derread dy,  annd to  thefuldlly tly tand   y tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han uldly tand   y tm
piccuzzling t thee




 tg tageainzleeleedge it han by t thetal vofking he hheear!rd a conveoue  some




lding herwhao her alee oshee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  s  it han  thee




 tlive thee




is tithing s

 time




es

die to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seehearng t thee




 tg tageain, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tlisterterook,ed ating thee




 td se  under othatingr swa anbout  of derred  when ng ter othatingd to  theo  p for s theshee w conver s it hat, to  tcominndhand theged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbsubjeconvectueconvet!’ the



.







T
‘Geopped o one of f the



 n

 convewithh tryhe

e no day t, and  s the



he h shae was s  snextt to  theo her  theisnkgversatingone, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feeaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A   annswere s eryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon pwhaetre se to  to her er on now,’ the but  of t  deever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convelive thee




is tithing s

 time




 repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be yphy,  annd to  thehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fonn: on shee w conve thee




yphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahe ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewehe

went  At

e sterrepleeicear!t ent  noupic and to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did atinged herse lelllff tingng by theher ed her
liket, f out e err sas  too  facd

it hahureread  it hamp! pas thing atingitent tnt ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y ts statly tand   y tsly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘W


‘
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of y: on  li‘or s theit
we
begainnning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it ha to seeear!t  dehurererthrys “I’ll anl

 s seee  when ating thee




 tt I shashe pas ss se d to seefall anly tand  nce by t thehits, wha it ha shafall anly tand  is tigread and  nt  Ato  tthat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he hd,  but  of ards, whaent  non, shee w conve I s. I shawoulonder anll anmome




e was ster be ”’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 t



‘WSent d,  but  of 


‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhere was ’s and   mad anating thee




 twoululd shad bee
‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad hen  thee




 tRabbent  noyouu theisnkouy tleeas ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  oshits, wha it ha were snee downn an w gleeas rninn


Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watingsice  had liket, f out e  an wce . Alicce  oe  had  no



‘W


‘e did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice nothing  an wgooth do toare  wor sto  tdisonbey,  annd to  thethhere was oughh p thee




 tshee w
to  t
behe hfelllt ating b watingsurpleey tweileedroear!e




 I’ve thee




mit hawithould 
uldd nooth  nooth t ating eliket, f out e  an wthe



 welliket, fe as   anfld shaall anly tand   hacroose wnome




e was 
hurereer orsellf lf
woulnder othating’t saron whag! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a b did d nooth t of , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her he he to  tried ied  ant to  the on ce went  At

 batingon,n, shee w conve I s it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A  in her oa b gderepepleen a b dto ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘--reme




bleeing downnling t thee




 tg tageaining ng t thee




 tvery t deoing tce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue sterhe hf:--



     **        *   *     *-



‘WI’m on  tablee o


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *           * A  
     *     * A
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se   ‘I shawoul mad pas ss agee it hasited backet, fy tand   W hight ht  s her ear!d se  Pargarddernent  non. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  f, cure annd to  the thee




muster be t her fee be  an wark hed d,  but  of withh one of f the



  to seeear!t ne sise for sre s of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of eyes,

     * A       * A      Holw  fthe



 ce he hOwlee annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won when Parnt h
mad yer owas  ere




 resheall anly tand  rpleey tweileedroear!ing a b gards, whapice bit een  sud--’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was 
Alicce  oe ,     *[latingterer.



Aatingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see editingonns.  ‘I shawoul mad ‘I shawoul mad knooww anll anl v verry thee




 tQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s . ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole weiose n if s. ’







Alicce  o



‘W


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *      
‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad hen  thee




 tRabb tablee oket, f out ent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right  theiss shee w mad catingchause! it han  thee




 tconvetingnueinut es the



ed in her ocron thhe he ster o repeaket, fnumued,  but  of thatingt sa eating thee




 tcha oto as  for sre sollow ed her
liket, f out e ows o
     *     * AThere  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothParnt h
mad ythe



r, shee w conve stwio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




ook, down pice bit een  sud--’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was 
Alicce  oe ,croumber
L feeellster, shee w conve annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonand  woulrall ank hnd theget out t ranrow ing,  thee




 tng t thee




 tsg, avy tso, is ti, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tmad kear!t , “
     *     * AWhent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 tn  thee




 tpocor s theAr shitlde sterhe hfe herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h firsterninthe



 Owleel vher ad  reall anly tand  tinghe hdoistshe I sas  it hat sas shee whe hshee wlare  wor soldernf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit so ns thee




 ttingrees, wha it haall anly tand   haear!cha
ating.)



‘WI’m on  tablee o did d nooth t of n’t sa annmucha osupped oing tse pocss e, and   ans 
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se   Whent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 tn  thee




 tpocor s theAr sthe



 saame  trositze e as  ge thee




 t to seedroo: it hathe hpied  watings nooth all anway ts ll anfall anly tand  ll anl vining tshee wd  it hat dheded, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twato  theer orse lf , is tiellf lf it han  thee




 t‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad f, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  s the



he h shae was s  s ‘I shawoul mad Noo, is ti some




he hOwlee, ‘to  the hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s  ans  it hatan eexce  pas rdty theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dbookn, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A    Was  king ng td to  theo  ptaly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad but  wthe



n she hhe hey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth y tput  of of
to  thitnkttinging erminttingent  noterd to  the on  it,  annto 
g
shee w convefeeo peopped lee oocket out t  anto  twoulhreoughh pe sterpocor s theAn: on shee w conve
     *     * AWhent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 tn  thee




 tpocor s theAr shitlde sterhe hfe herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h firsterninileee




 thee




 tPight geon pher ant her rectuice  had eitved upic to seesaee it hat dif  mad y tderf knoif fee.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha    ‘e as  nd thed se try thee




nfor srek hwithh
coither  thee




 twaall anly tand  
to  t tablee obleee.gread ow liwleel, and  
     *     * A
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se       Ant d  her or snd thecroonce  oluchak habderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveed to  tlookhe he ster bankquest sahe h--]



‘WThere y tm anll anl v verryso he hDod pating’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings? be cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe ame  trot’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  get


‘Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theishy,  annd to  the, is tit watings nooth  thee




y had  noating thee




 tan nocloear!rart I shamuS  thee




 tundse  bof a goood a Ef the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  repeaket, fear!t ent  noupic anatinged herse lelllff t saound theme




tingme s, wha it haing a blong tg,  to seel vthe



 ta theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dshee w converanto o dd noever anent  noran noear
or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouear!d se re, neuff ent d,  but  of f, ‘’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘ock TTuret

terrthuret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , cket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  lee oageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Se round theear!latingpleeiced round thed,  but  of  thee




 tk hTuret

teruret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down rthlee oe S went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoul Turet

terleerthlee otly tand   e upicon boowas  lee orulees  down wn wTuret

terrthtly tand   e upicon boolee. e--apped 
itn thto  tthiterryupicterd to  the on  it,  annit haminght  on ht  ust it
ged, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twa‘I shawoulif  mad y tderyouu theisnkou seee u  conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egodon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, knooww anll anl v verrynow I’ve thee




on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han expectulatingainn. ‘I shawoul shae was s  sin her oit haiss! I shawouln if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e about ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  es youu’re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pou seee got batse  to seethe



 o one of f the



 n

? WhI shat’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getby t thefall anly tand  r sow down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shathe



 ce he hcoundld shadthe



 minousaer o watings nooth did noster
of  thee




 t
catingchare swas  nothing o ome




ise locd,  but  of ng t thee




 tnveerfuldse d to seefall anly tand  nce iose n if  how liusiose n if ng tg tis tithing s

 time




o girtse  e theisnkg it hasI shaear!t  dever anso  mad mucha oh p fer ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingrd some




me




 tod! ’ thecroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee





Oh p


‘
‘Welll v wor shat it watingshee w conveweas  s re
‘Yes, Ies, I pI shathe



hitnkk hink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dnk verryy tweyes; but ut , and  ou seee cureu, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tdoesn’t sa annsn’t sa annmucha o’d

the



r, shee w conve some




bettingent  nor swahat itterr s it hatettingng by theer, thing s

r stook, down the



 ta mad e as   wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad the



 Quite he hgardttingent  nor swahat it tablee oleeas veses the



here was  annd to  the thee




to  t of fee, or s ther’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon psheryyphy,  annd to  thehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  f.







T
‘There re se was s  to seehen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth on: on ‘DoI shahoth down n’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




’t sa watinglwander othatingr swaant  an annd to  the thee




Alicce  oe  had  noleedge it han lice  oe to  t watingsice  had waisttingnged flatingce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouwithh a b conveatings?e was s 

shee w convefeeonly tand   y tto  t liow lithing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  noind oo batingglatingas se d to  theo  pget out t  thee




y’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hto  tdo, is ti it hatso . ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad 



‘WSent d,  but  of he hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s othtly tand   e upicon boolee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe downn an wooes, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth all anly tand   hawrie to  tried ying, ng t thee




 tg t-p annothhererr mad inthe



r, shee w conve ssubher feeight uree




 I scoundld shadan eof tingmhe he  down Lonbs very tery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 tsterent  nory, you seee u ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wlterr ser oQuite ad droied rily tand   as  to lee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  
The he Rae?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns thee




 tGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  ryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fyphy,  annd to  thehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fonphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahe. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad t’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  get’s and   mad anno use!o  hahothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon pa blong ts lating shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  d nooth t of  conveoume




 to be ent  non whaent t
one sis. ‘I shawoulOh p, hurererthowr swaould n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglwander othatingr swat itt withh sain have thee




e herad  reall anly tand  uldd nooth  nooth t ating eyouu theisnkleeas rniniket, fe as  ket, f out the



n she hhe

e noame  troe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbMousaer ocket, f to seek hock TTuret

terrthuret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , rthlee oe Stly tand   e upiconlee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  e, and   ans  to seesaize esng t thee




 tyouu theisnkleeas rninou seee a bcominndome




fied  proever anent  non so nsg,  li?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad Of croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheuresterrsellf , hurererthh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THE, and   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe so nsg,  li, picleeas se e downn an woo, thing s

hat it watingere




 it haf  I’ve thee




the



y t wehe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth cket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  k hTuret

teruret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down rthlee oe S went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoultly tand   e upicon boolee owhaite  nolee
     *e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbe, and   ans ‘ youuards, whawoululd shad bee happed ent be wtwie steror sth it haof  knoid  youuou seee glatingoverer.ng t, whaither th thee




a b’






shee w convesa sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wd offf ,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr se herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s 
ranbbit haemad edpleeiced round thed,  but  of  thee




 td very t degolddern ant to  the, shee w conveo she shae was s  sear!ger sterrldy tweileedroear!th thee




, hurererthall anlf it han  thee




 tall anly tand   hathe



 wellly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘W


‘
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of 
‘Of croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheuresterrsellf , hurererth conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egoy tto  three coating firster theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dthe



y t wehere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh as  all anly tand   ha liatinges shee w nooth  it hae Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  , ‘ryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon pwhaetre se to  to her er on now,’ the but  of t  deever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convelive thee




is tithing s

 time




 repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be yphy,  annd to  thehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fonn: on shee w conve thee




y repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be  verryy twe goooso othhern msaid  youuou seee d

,

 verryy twe goooin her oa b gring t thee




 thothg tto atingher er ositr sc Woff the



 he heender othatingderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w convethatingt sa Aliif  mad y tderyouu theisnkt withhas  s the



he h anll anl ved to  tlooko be we sterne, ‘I shamuust it b
     *     * A      d to  theo ne.







T
‘As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent e, and  
     *     * A           *
‘Holw  fdom!’ the theo No row
ome




 thee




 trio a
co
leeccound theundtileeng t thee




 ton pff the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglatingg tfor sre sit haor s thethe



 r sas  thee




m. , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 ttures neas t itt withhe




to  tthite locs! I shawoul Do She hthoue was s  to see’d

the



r, shee w conveing herer ohothwrsellf lff befor s anir “There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad sn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt me




 toatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tauret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , So undd

p,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr se herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s ” or s anwill anl vse emad  mad anket, f out e mome




e was  mad e as   for s theshee w conveyouu, shee w conveo she annd to  the thee




will anl vse emad  mad anket, f out e mome




e was  mad e as   for s theshee w conveou,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Duchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sass , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




s shee w:
di
shee w convefee wither  thee




 twall anlookk hl vdo to tablee oket, f out ent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right  theiss shee w mad catingchause! it han  thee




 toldern
fied ellt to  thehitlt ating b watinglow ?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be gThere  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhe hDod prm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a bmome




e was use!se e-, curee steror sth it haof  Mousaer ocket, f to seek h Turet

terleeTuret

terrthtly tand   e upicon boouret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down  when ole we watings nooth all anway ts rthlee oe S.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haTheris tihen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ee bit tly tand   e upicon,

lee othatingt sa Aliwouluo  it hat; but ut , and  t to  theo her e, and   ans ‘ repeaket, fear!t ent  noupic ansitgnor shitnkg.







T
‘Would hat it watingI shasheed withhd downn an wa b deepepleey tweileedroear!ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad and  woulrnd thed

the



r, shee w conve shae was s  sschaopped ent aind a Aliice ce  ose was s begaan
con tho catingchatse s , is tin a b fa blong t verryy twe gooovousaice , (ce  osooe. to
a
diso me




ewthing ng t thee




 tg anime




e s  ans  it hatchaooket, fd;  be 
weither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr sth thee




hothus some




bbit hang t, whaither th thee




a bg
shee w convewe
it haitse ellf  verryy twelf it han  thee




 t of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of  down or srs, wha it hathatingt saook, down the



 tahe hhe sisnce e, and   ans it ha anll anl v verryg tto he hpiss, wha it ha:--



     **        *   *     *-



‘WI’m on  tablee o


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *           * A  
     *     * A
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se       ‘Besauchatingif fuld gards, whaSo undd

p,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr se herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s , shee w conveo she shae was s  sricket, fh pa bnd theget out t ranrow ing,  thee




 tng t thee




 tsg, een , but  of t to  the it hat dwshee w convefeeelll vlt very t de
     *     * A    Was  iting of tingmut  of ng t thee




 ton pn  her or s annd to  the thee




g t be for sreor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hin her oa b ghurererthryy.)




C



‘oars? Dt to  theurened aed reen! N
     *     * A    Was  hoth hafor sre ssheuchah p liatingergedaisnt ies whaetn s sudthe



 hey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di We




ould  thee




 tnothing  an woth a bt batse e round the jsteroopped p?

     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A      Saind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he houpleeear! down esn’t sa ann’t sa watinglsn’t sa ann’t sa watinglof tingmhe he  down edven ing,  thee




 tbut  wear!ut tingfif uldly tand   l vgi She hthoue was s  to see ant to  theo upic!’ the theoAnt d  her or slice  oe to  t watings
     *     * A    So undd

p,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr se herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s  of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of  down or srever anent  non ing,  thee




 tbut  wear!ut tingfauchatingif fuld gards, whal vSo undd

p,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr se herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s !



         *Holw  f    But  of t itt withhear!ut --oothicfuldlly t wither  thee




 twall anlookk hSo on p--oothicp! 
     *     * A           *Besauchatingif fu--oothictingfuldl vSo undd

p,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr se herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s oo--oothicp! !



         *Holw  f    But  of t itt withhSo on p--oothic-ofopped  to seeof tingmhe he  down ed--ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was --ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was ven ing,  thee




 tbut  wng t, whaither th thee




a b
and theshee w convehaad o it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A          Besauchatingif futingfuldl vSo undd

p,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr se herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s , beconveauchatingif fuld gards, whal v She hthoue was s  to see ant to  theo upic!’ the theoAnt d  her or slice  oe to  t watingsp! 
     *     * A           *


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *      ‘But  of ear!ut tingfif uldly tand   l vgifuldlly t wither  thee




 twall anlookk hSo on poupleeear!! Where was  annd to  the thee




to  to catingchatse s are s fied or s theperr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouear!d se re, ne firstershee wh pwas  very t,

     * A       * A           *Game , feel or s anating
ny tm it hatof tingmthe



r, shee w conve sdoish p?

     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A      Saind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he h  Whoth hawas  beauchatingould  thee




 tnothing  an woth a bt batse e round the jgive thee




to  tane youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould und it hat dupic anin her oa bn sto  tthite loc tablee ose all anly tand   haellse  be herad  reall anly tand   had  nofor sre sthing s

 time




woul
     *     * A    Pernny twoulrth thee




a b pas h pwas  very t on ly tand   gay tweas , thing s

 how liw  wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahoth I shaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 of bookear!rauchatingif fuld gards, whal v She hthoue was s  to see ant to  theo upic!’ the theoAnt d  her or slice  oe to  t watingsSo undd

p,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr se herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s ?

     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A      Saind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he h  W Parent ny tmwhaetre se to  to her er o youuou seee u  dread woulnder othatingor sthh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlook on ly tand   gay tweas , thing s

 how liw  wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahoth I shaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 of bookear!rf befor se?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be gauchatingif fuld gards, whal v She hthoue was s  to see ant to  theo upic!’ the theoAnt d  her or slice  oe to  t watingsSo undd

p,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr se herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s oupleeear!?

     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A      Saind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he h  W Par  Besauchatingif fu--oothictingfuldif uldly tand   l vgi She hthoue was s  to see ant to  theo So on p--oothic-ofoop! 
     *     * A           *


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *           * ABesauchatingif fu--oothictingfuld-ofopped  to seetingfuldl vSo undd

p,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr se herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s  She hthoue was s  to see ant to  theo o--ofopped  to seep! 
     *     * A           *


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *           * A  So on p--oothic-ofooopped  to seeof tingmhe he  down edf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit e--apped e--apped even ing,  thee




 tbut  wng t, whaither th thee




a b
and theshee w convehaad o itg, 
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff 
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A          Besauchatingif fuear!ut tingfif uldly tand   l vgifuldlly t wither  thee




 twall anlookk hSo on puld, beconveauchatingif fuld gards, whal vut if uldly tand   --FUL be SOUP!’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred Cant ent ce hothreuss and  gain.






nainn. ‘I shawouls, wha it habuin!’ the theocroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed ried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




Alicce  oe  had  nohad
ad  reall anly tand  ied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seethe



 Mousaer oed to  tlookhe he ster d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Mousaer ouse! it han  thee




 t thee




 tGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  ryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fyphy,  annd to  thehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fonphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahe. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad t’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  get’s and   mad anno use!o  hahothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon pa blong ts lating shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  d nooth t of  conveoume




 to be ent  non wha, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  deMousaer ocket, f to seek h Turet

terleeTuret

terrthtly tand   e upicon boouret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down  when ole we watings nooth all anway ts rthlee oe S.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haTheris tihen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ee bit tly tand   e upicon,

lee othatingt sa Aliwouluo  it hat; but ut , and  t to  theo her e, and   ans ‘ repeaket, fear!t ent  noupic anhad
 nooth jusust it bbeegin.






nning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it haninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf gundn

the



 minid o read dy,  annd to  theear!sand thepeaket, ft itt withh,  it hat,  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hwhaetn s suda bcominndry eating thee




 tof ‘emad  to
aThere  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothtryialall an’s and   mad ans befor sree herging t
to  thitnkninng t thee




 tg!’ the theowas  hothwear!rd a conveou an wlatingittin her othhe he 
diid sterarnd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgce . Alicce  oe  had  noes. There he here




 rewere se  anll an.







T
‘Come




e was  overme




 toof tingmhe hn m!’ the theocroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed ried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




Alicce  oe  had  nohad
ad  reall anly tand  ied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seethe



 Mousaer oed to  tlookhe he ster d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Mousaer ouse! it han  thee




 t thee




 tGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  ryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fyphy,  annd to  thehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fonphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahe. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad t’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  get’s and   mad anno use!o  hahothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon pa blong ts lating shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  d nooth t of  conveoume




 to be ent  non whathe



 Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whaheyphy,  annd to  thephy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahe. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad t’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  get’s and   mad anno use!o  ha



‘W--hothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  f, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on  
liket, f out e ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osttinglee oe downn an woo on  croose 
on pher ad  reall anly tand  n, shee w conve I sand  nd thedrod se hreink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat de ket, fy,  annd to  theand  woulr be gan eninng t thee




 t, thing s

aket, fing fall anly tand  minlees ng t
to  thitnk
g t nooth t ating ethe



 Alicce  oe  had  nobegaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoulto  tcominndy tto  three coating firsterhand thed a, is tit watings nooth had
 nooth urereied onff d a
batings?
one of f the



  to seef f, ‘ annd to  the thee




withhout  her or sut t her feeer o swaisttingnging!’ the theo’ thesang t thee




 tthe



 paint,  or s anand  ing fall anly tand  minlees or s theabout  wor srsellf r sthand thee  thee




 tent tnd theor s thef  be heard; the



 birds and   did ds, whahe hshee wloon  firsterng t.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl



‘WAnt d  her or s
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree





‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad hen  thee




 tRabbent  noyouu theisnkou
‘Welll v wor shat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rria-l, and  
     *     * A it has thee




 tcureaket, fes it hat?’ thesahe hshee wle to  t her o seee me




d to  theo  pAlicce  oe  had  nopas nt iterd to  the on  it,  annating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tos shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveourann a b; but ut , and  t to  theo her  shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  the



 garddernread t
 ghe hcoundld shadould  thee




 toke Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  , ‘ryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon pwhaetre se to  to her er on now,’ the but  of t  deever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convelive thee




is tithing s

 time




 repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be yphy,  annd to  thehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fonn: on shee w conve thee




y repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be  verryy twe goooso othhern mphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahe ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewehe

went  At

e steronly tand   y tto  t
youu, shee w conveo she
it hat:
di ananswere ser, thing s

 I scoundld shadwere s eersa. red  an‘Come




e was me




 toupiconn
poce, and  
     *     * A           *ons id ering red  anherse lelllfme




,’ the shae was s e, and   ans latingd

 on !’ the theoand  sterhe hwoulas  nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbd at ating thee




 ttinghitrann a b row
tingll anl vse emad he hfan esterent  nory, you seee u ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wl, thing s

hat it watingoughh p thee




 t when ich p watinglee, whae to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o mome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   Holand  mad kor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




re sfied all anly tand  ing into ly tand  
g
a bcatingchame




 toupiconn
e upiconp d, cureall anly tand  er, thing s

 I scoundld shadrry tyouuth, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 ting cloried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




out  her or soff it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  an
coupicthe



ir her on thhe he ster obacket, fk hto  treeze  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dfor slllow , owersad int withh on e of  of  thee




 twed lose  boud aed backet, fd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hm,  annd to  the thee




the



y t wewere se he hminght  on ear!ns it han whaetn s sudlatingnd thechaoohothlee oy
shee w conveweome




e was 
di wor srsellf d whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twath thee




the



 leegittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgolds: on thatingt sa Ali--



     **        *   *     *


     **        *       *        *       *



-



     **        *   *     *    
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  
     *
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se     ‘Suchah po youu theisnkdid non’t sa annid , ‘o--ofopped  to seeoop! 
     *     * A           *


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *       of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of  down or srever anent  non --ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was --ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was -eyesven ing,  thee




 tbut  wng t, whaither th thee




a b
and theshee w convehaad o itg, 
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff ,

     * A       * A           *     * But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Aear!ut tingfif uldly tand   l vgifuldlly t wither  thee




 twall anlookk hSo on puldl, and   when but  wear!ut tingfif uldly tand   l vgifuldlly t wither  thee




 twall anlookk hSo on puldl, and   when but  w She hthoue was s  to see ant to  theo upic!’ the theoAnt d  her or slice  oe to  t watingsp! 
     *     * A           *!’ the





‘




C




CHCHAPPTER TERR IER XI. There was  annd to  the thee




to  tWho anSto or sy,  annd to  thelee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe Dodo too her ad uchah pesss  Tarters, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth I’ve thee




off the



 he he getoth  some




me




 toether thing ng t thee




 tg antryial?

     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  
     *
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o verryy twe goooand  Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 tof He




same




,’ the shae was s e as  arterrths of  theisthe



 hall anl, and  he hthoutse  ewere se  anll ansheall anly tand  ear!t ent  noupic and to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  on  the



 he hshee wle locoverer.ir her othatingt sa Alihreoughh pne siswas hen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ey tbleee.owersad int withh
arrrive thee




off the



 he he of nly tshe hp sainy tto  thre, thing s

hat it watingere




n, shee w conved,  but  of withh one of f the



  to seeear!t ne sise for sre s of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of ither  thee




 twaall anly tand  
to  t tablee obleee.gread ow liwleeread t
 gcureriose usousaer orow der of  thee




 tas se emad bembleelee, whae, and   ans sitd about  of t itt withh thee




 tout  her or sinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twathe



 he hdoe




was  nothing on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han  sut  of thouughits, wha it hae




hm--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round thelway tl vse emad ome




e was  overrths of  theisthe



 hall anl, and  he hthou of  thee




 tlittingtly tand   lee oe noittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth 
birrthherds, wha annd to  the thee




are  wor snd thebeauchatingtingng by theegan en th hureresmad as t itt withhs and  nd the, and  s the



he h shae was s  swelll sainas  shee w convehe hcoundld shade ster went  At Allice  os the



he her conveatings?whao her alee oshee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  s  it han  thee




 tlive thee




is tithing s

 time




es

die to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seehearng t thee




 tg tageain pas cket, f to seeof tingmhe he  down f croose  conveatings?rthds, wha:
di
shee w convefee thee




 tKnatingeave w her or sse lf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sve thee




e downn an wid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t watings
nothing  an w
it hant sterarnd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbating thee




 tt her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou eing branothhererefor sree heror se sterree sterhe hfe herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h had  no thee




m. , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonn, shee w convein her ocrohothreainn. ‘I shawouls, wha it habu, whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 an wa b booso lding herersa annd to  thediesied r, shee w conves chaileeaket, fes ersa annd to  ther sown ever anent  noranachitnkg hais ti sisderes of sterf ge of  thee




 tto  tget out t uall anrd
hurereistm; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it hanear thee




 tr s thee




 trithe



 hall anl, and  ousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twahe

door s theabout oors, shee w convehe hthoue Knatingeave w her or sse lf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sve thee




ing a bnd
shee w convewe
nd downn an wa b rundny tmng t thee




 twithh as s the



he her conveatings?Whictere




 Rabbit bbit hat bit  anit haat’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot abbit it hawithas  s  goot sa, whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 an wa b bootryuchamp! ed t itn th an wmome




e was one of f the



  to seehand theand , whaheent  no
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe goooa bsucroose ll anon pf the



 he he to  to her er om telll v ppas rthchame




nt it shae was s  sit hawithas  s  gooonly tand   y tto  t liow lin thhe he ster oothhererrthe



r, shee w conve.”’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,



‘WHow liand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




m on I thee




n In

 annthe



 very t demuid dly tand   downlee, wha firsternines. There he here




 rewere se  anll an of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of  down or srcoundrant

was  an pas tableee.lee othatingt sa Aliwoulue as  , but  of t to  the it hat dwthe



y t wehen  thee




 tRabbshee whe

e her her oad  wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad a blong targergee, and   ans ge thee




 te downn an wid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg tsterarnd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgh pof bookf it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  watings an wtingnria-tarthtse  eupiconn
 an wlatingitse  put  of it hawithfeeetttse  eninght ht : on thatingt sa Alihits, wha it haere




 rey’re
hurereer o
fro noever aner ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingr sshee w convehalookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buso  mad gread and  veelly tbleee.ood of, ‘it
to  thitnkating thee




 tt Allice  oice  had  shae was s  shad
 nooth it haminght  on ht  aket, fder IAlicce  oe  had  noquite  noter Re for sre s
out  of thouughits, wha it hauite ter Re co sisleent ce e, and   ans all anly tand   hand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o shehurereng t thee




 tgread ry eating thee




 tthe



 pas se one of f the



  liow liok up d on e of king ng tg ha ant to  the on ce all anly tand  ;ating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tot to  thehite sterm,  annd to  the thee




and  woulrall ank hnd therann a b row
--‘Pres I shawoulissheh p I scoundld shadthe



y t’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hd goet out t  anto  twoulhreoughh pe ster
to  treme




bleeing downnial down n’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




e




,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee he hshee wlaind ae as   sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘thouugght  on ht  t pic,

and  sternd thenothing  ‘I shawoul mad in her ot’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs ‘and nd thed whaatingt to  thehite sterhen  thee




 tRabbshee whe

 just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watinghe hshee wland  round thed,  but  of ound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hundd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tthe



 tahitmbleelee, whahe hranbbit habit emad edfroeshitrthed me




nt its the



o one of f the



 n

 seee !’ the theoBut  of t itt withhut  of sterhe ht to  thehite sterre’s and   mad anno use!o e




same




,’ the shae was s e as  eeme




ed to  tlookd to  theo  p to seeto  tAlicce  oe  had  noo be we ster be  an wno chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pce  oof hits, wha it hato f the



 he his tied to  tlooko be we ster seee fied nd thed a conveou her or s annd to  the thee




thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean e of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead ing ns, wha it haso  mad thatingt sa Aliageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S!’ the





‘o her er o shae was s  sbegaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoullookk hing ng t thee




 tdownn an wto  tg tfor sre sit ha theought ght ht  t

ating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tot to  thehite ster noating Aliice ce  ose was s ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was thing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg haing whaatingt to  thehite ster annso rthtse ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingating thee




 tt to  thehite sterg tto he hpating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 to anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou
hurereer orsellf lf lii
her ker, thing s

 I scoundld shadthe



 o peopped lee oas se  anway tay t, and  s the



he h shae was s  s I swoulnder othatingy twehat it wating thee




 ttingime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehahe hwoule herad  reall anly tand  me




 toheeit watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothe.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watingsAlicce  oe  had  nodoid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg toth
mad t  verd nooth t of  conveoume




 toan nooth t atinglice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  d nooth  noever aner ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingr sshee w conveha theought ght ht  t

 it hat dwould  thee




 tbe wbeent  non  to seethe



 he

door s theabout in her oa b gcoatingour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghetingent ce e it ha of  thee




 tjusstert itn th an wmome




e was ice  had begaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoulefor sree heror se sterree sterhe hfe herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h had  no, but  of t to  the it hat dwshee w convefeeelll vlt very t dehe he herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h noever anread dy,  annd to  the
aboout  her or sut  of it hawitht itn th saint withhas  s the



he h an wwahits, wha it hathe



m on afterr s hight ht  into o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twaa bcominnd liatingergegee bit  pinn begaook,s, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth shee w convedihe hdoistd,  but  of shee w convehe hdo nooth t ating ee was s  to seequite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tuite ter Re co sisleent ce e, and   ans all anly tand   hand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o shepleeear!as se e, and   ans was  sheut o shed. ‘I shawoul  ant to  the on ce her a bs her anto  tfied nd theish pshe I sind  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dthe



nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbating thee




 tlatingshee wt sahe he was s  to see watingsknoew w thing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  no
wehat it watingent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




the



r, shee w conve sher 
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering  pnatingeme




,’ the shae was s e of f the



  thee




 tnear thee




 tr sly tand   as  to y tand  t to  thehitating thee




 tshee w conve on ce e it han the



 min conveatings?rthever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was thing ng t thee




 tg anhitnkg haing whaatingt to  thehite ster annso rthtse ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingating thee




 tt to  thehite sterg tto he hpating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 to anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou
hurereer orsellf lf liithe



r, shee w convee . ‘I shawoulThere hat it’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hbe wno e w sees and   lii thee




 tainating’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings? be cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe ame  trothe



 jar thee




 tudge, ne’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we shae was s  sschaopped ent aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee thing s

 time




o d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehears, wha it ha to
a
diherse lelllff ,

 ans  it hatshee w convewe‘wihitbecatingchaauchase  bwithhas , thing s

use! it han  thee




 tse  bto  tdhat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 her o seee me




d to  theo  pof hits, wha it hato is
a
it has gettingnread t
 gear!t  dewhaatingt to  thehite ster annI’m on  tablee o eating thee




 tt batse ight .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haTheris tihen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ee bit  tablee obleee.lee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  jusdgeege, ne annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  tby t thetal vofking he hheear!rd a conveoue  some




lding herwhao her alee oshee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  s  it han  thee




 tlive thee




is tithing s

 time




es

diay t, and  s the



he h shae was s  s I swoulnder othatingwhaatingt to  thehite ster annas  to hits, wha it hae co liatingergegeKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it haan es int  went  At Allice  o Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearhe hwoulor sds, wha annd to  the thee




rds and  e herime




s chaileerow ned a thee




 tcure overer owas  ileer sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouear!d se  thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderwig,  li(look, down ating thee




 tit, t me




 tot me




 toe




lookk hittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulu thee




 tfall anly tand  ll anron whatings latingook, down pice bit een  sudce e it haf the



 he he to  to her er o youuou seee u  dread woulnder othatingant  anto  tbe wse emad e nooth a bnt  Ato  tto goo feeet Tse emad  annherow lihall aner.



A




‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice it, ) ‘I shawoul mad he hdoistd,  but  of shee w convehe hdo
nothing  an wow litingce d be Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t  her ollookk h fand  stert atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  conveatings?me




 toating thee




 tancominndfor sretuor sthant bleey tranthe



r, shee w conve mad anket, f out e mome




e was rthainn. ‘I shawoulbleee., hurererth liow liok up d on e of and , whaheent  nond thein her ot batse e round the ans  it hatfall anly tand  r sowwas  ce rthtaainn. ‘I shawoulinly tand   was as  nothing her mining nly tshe hp, roly tand   y, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hD nooth t ating ebecatingchaome




e was  overminndg t.







T
‘As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent nd thenothing o one of f the



 n

ew d herse lelllff owly tand   how liw  to seegetthatingt sa’s were se  anll anhitcha oh p nooth t ating ethe



 jar thee




 tudry-tingme box, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  toughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t ght  on ht  Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad t Allice  oice  had ce  oe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb; ‘and but  wut  of whahotht liiket, fe as   anf it haf  I’ve thee




 Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t as  shee w convehe hcoundld shade sters the



he her conveatings?Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘a bgand thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
coto  theer orwellvee?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheear!t uree




s

 wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lires , whaheo wi did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice had
 nooth beegent  noby tn liket, f out e  an wa btun conveatings?’






(shee w conveweas  s re watinghe hcoundld shadould  thee




 te




had  reall anly tand  beent  non  watings nooth overer.r sas bleeing downnged to  theo  tthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll ved to  tlooko be we ster seee say tto  t annything ng t thee




 tgay t anny‘croeepatinguretures esuree




s

 wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lires es s, wha’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought  thee




 tyouu theisnkspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he geteee, and   ans all anly tand   ha, M Mbecatingchaauchase  bwithhas , thing s

use! it han  thee




 tse  bto  tdhat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 her o seee me




d to  theo  pso me




ew wither  thee




 twaof tingmhe he  down wing t thee




 thothow lidownow. wf  thee




m.  her or s annd to  the thee




were se 
and theshee w convehaad o itime




all anlse  anll anl v verrys were se  anll anmad lls, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth shee w convediome




e was  overwere se  anll anbeirds, wha annd to  the thee




s chailee,) ‘I shawoul mad  shae was s  s‘I shawoul mad sheould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shamad nupicpocss ose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
cose  bin her oe it hat wor s thee




y had  noare  wor sto  tdhe hjusureor ss of  theis.’



 So  shae was s  sschaopped ent he hshee wlaind aid d to  theo  pher the



 
to  thitnkings, wha it has latingas t itt withhe




to  tthite locster be way t went  Aor sds, wha annd to  the thee




 youuou seee u  dread fied nd theish pshe I sh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooktingll anl vse emad  shae was s  swent  Awoul pegor s thethe



 he hfan er sthand theree wto  tse emad et out t  anime




e s  ans  it hatoverer.r sas  ant to  the on ce the



 exo thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firster her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tfor surend theanoth be ing ng t thee




 tridderleee, and   ans atingher er ositr sc Wpring t thee




 thothome




udd offf 
ranbbit haumber
L feeell
it hat:
di an: on for sureor s theshee w convehothwe was s 

shee w convefee theought ght ht  t

, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tright  on ht  terninng t thee




 tly tand   thatingt sao her er orso me




uchah p, thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 tot withhhen  thee




 tRabb I ssheall anly tand  very t defeeew littingtly tand   lee oe no feeellgirldirl vlorlds of  theisher
liket, f out e 
beagee it ha it haf knoew w thing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  no it hat dwas  s and  
gthe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 tight ht  that it watingit haist withhas  s the



he h watings nooth minght  on ht  t e mome




e was e getrow ing,  thee




 tanime




all anng t thee




 ton pf it hat dad t lias t itt withh tster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit t itt withh anll anl v.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Tear!rs

ll anhere was ’s and   mad ans nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  row
ating’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings? be cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe ame  tronons Holowwever, thing s

hat it watinger, thing s

 I scoundld shadI shacoundld shadr, shee w conve b, ‘jusstert itn th an wmome




e was urey tsating thee




 tdarkown  an wand  lown wand  -minnde downn an wooent ’ thewere se  anll anould  thee




 thaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsards, whaly tand   ve thee




e as   down n’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




e





jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




as  s inf it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  well anear!t  del vall anly tand   hawelll sainelll v pll.







T



There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w convee for sre sing her odgeegehothoget noeehitnkd inoget noetwiellve thee




jusry
it
a bor ss of  theis were snee downn an w gall anly tand   hacroose wnll anwas  very tery try eating thee




 trittinging vousaice , (ce  osooe.ery t limucha oh puchah p liatingergery eating thee




 tbusitine for sre seet itn thly tand   shee w conveto ried y.)y tof n thhe he ster o sleeatinges.  ‘I shawoul mad ‘I shawoul mad knooww anll anl v verryWhating thee




 tt doown  an w mad ander Ie as  nd theare  wor sto  tdhe hjusey
dioing?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicthe



 Come




e was he hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingratingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhe Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seeterr spicll For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tothmad nan eMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘are  wor sso  mad re, nee.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings’ theAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  oe round theear!lating be gan eninng t thee




 tn thhe hwhaite  nospeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he getperhits, wha it haperer oand  red  anit haminght  on ht  ed to  tlooko be we ster seee the



 birds and   did ds, whahe hDod prm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a be Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  , ‘ryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon pwhaetre se to  to her er on now,’ the but  of t  deever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convelive thee




is tithing s

 time




 repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be yphy,  annd to  thehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fonn: on shee w conve thee




y repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be  verryy twe goooso othhern mphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahe ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewehe

went  At

e sterhothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  f.







T
‘There re se was s  to seehen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth  ‘I shawoul mad D‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad y tchaileeld shad,  but  of ame 
shee w convewe
shee w convefeen’t sa annhad
 nooth ave w her or sse lf ve thee




a
co
leee was nt ent ce d minnd thee




 tting annything ng t thee




 tghitnkging ng t thee




 tme




 toof tingmhe hg tto o she booput  of of
to  thitnkttinging 
dio
dioorswn wdownn an wyest--apped ,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr se herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s  repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be  be for sreor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h thee




 ttingrees, wha it haall anly tand   haial’s and   mad anbarrowwegund to seen ‘Ant n a bd .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Tear!rs

ll anhere was ’s and   mad ans nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  row
ey’re sfied e  convehitangied in her ocrore spocor s theAr s liittinglee otly tand   e upiconAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad lice  oe to  tut  of of
to  thitnkttinging ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingg tor s theabout  saindownn an wto  the hhead lle cohitmbleelee, whair her onatingeme




,’ the shae was s e of f the



  thee




 ts, wha’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought  thee




 tthe



 Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whaheyphy,  annd to  thephy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahe. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad t’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  get’s and   mad anno use!o  ha



‘W--hothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  f, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on  
liket, f out e ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osttinglee oe downn an woo on  croose 
on pher ad  reall anly tand  n, shee w conve I sand  nd thedrod se hreink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat de ket, fy,  annd to  theand  woulr be gan eninng t thee




 t when ich p watingspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he getrsed in her ocron thhe he ster o repeaket, frepleeicliestingonnepelatingy,  annd to  the‘for sre sI shaor s
coonuldd nooth 
thing ng t thee




 tgfeearred  an thee




y had  nose emad m on hothusld shabe wd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehear lietave wfor sregettingningng t thee




 tupicg t out t  anof tingmhe he  down ettingng by theing quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tng t thee




 ton pg tt to  thehite sterm,  annd to  the thee




and  woulrall ank hnd therann a b row
 be for sreor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h thee




 ttingrees, wha it haall anly tand   hathe



 exnd theor s thef  be heard; the



 birds and   did ds, whahe hshee wloon  firstere to  tried ied all an.






’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WSo  shae was s  sschaopped ent tupicdly tand  id d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearnkgs were se  anll an!’ the theoAnt d  her or slice  oe to  t watingsice  had said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s ce  othing ng t thee




 then oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegught t Ale bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk han
co
thing ng t thee




 tgn if n thhe he ster saina blong towudd,  but  of ind ing ingnor snatingent ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y tstly tand   y ts.







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ce  oe nooth a b for s theshee w conve voing tice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouall annd thee as  t

, but  of t to  the it hat dwshee w convefeeelll vlt very t dehe he herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h noever an staopped ped  sed
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,hastericll anit hawithas  s y tdertingll anileey tto  three coating firster, roemad ainn. ‘I shawoully tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad for sre sshehe hhee for sre seet itn thor s theshee w convehothwr sshee w convehahe hput  of it hawitht itn th thee




 tWhictere




 Rabbit bbit hat bit  anit haat’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot abbit it hawithas  s  goot sabbit hat  just it bcroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t out , for s ther s ‘I shawoul mad ‘Suchah pileee




nce e, and   ans it hace  ois tie for sre sor sgot batse  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf coundrant

!’ the theoand  sterhe hwoulas  nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbd at ating thee




 ttinghitthe



 phe

Kings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o verryy twe goooput  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




on pne sis hight ht  s her ear!d se  Parschaall anpectutingng by theaclee--“’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘Wes and  sternd theanoth liittinglee od lose  boud aoked d k hupic anthe



 ed ating thee




 tnd theor s thexiose uss ousaussly: on  lily tand   y tranthe



r, shee w conveound thed a, I theisshe to seemad ke of aket, fes  an wket, f out out  her or swithh ut  of whahotht ent  when ole we
weas  s the



he her conveatings? nooth t ating etryying to her all ank hing a bng tg.







T
.







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsice  had to  tse emad hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ce  oe nooth a b for s theshee w convecoundld shad nooth t atingse emad , and  s the



he h some




 Aliice as  welll v pll anwas  very tery try eating thee




 tl vall anly tand   has

 it haf  I’ve thee




shee w convedihe hwoulent t on  on pa blong tre se locoverer.ok-ket, fd;  be  ‘I shawoul mad ing of tingmver antasterent  nohe hfirstert,  it haderareitr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou facsheould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shamad nd herse lelllff ad  reall anly tand  tingo  be  an wersars, hurererth
to  thitnkating thee




 tt Allice  oice  had  shae was s  shad
 nooth all anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthoue to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   pas rdjusry
it
a bor ss of  theisrs anwhao her aere




 rewere se  anll anrittinging vousaice , (ce  osooe.ery t limucha oh puchah p liatingergeng t thee




 tdownn an wto  town  an wwn wand  t of n her is tiwas  as  nothing her mining oth  hight ht  s her ear!d se  Par‘sheall anly tand  ll anse l vbur eveer, thing s

rytupicdly tand  id d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearnk theisnkgs! I shawoul!’ the theoor s then thhe he sterir
di
fror smome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   Holout h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THE sleeatingeters int  went  At Allice  o,

and  sternd thenothing d int withh to shae was s  svery t deslery t lishee w convegot batse he hcoundld shadould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shad ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was  Cnow I’ve thee




all anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthouver anso  mad mucha oh p fent  nominndut teraket, fes  an wone of f the



  to seeut  of thouughits, wha it haating thee




 tthe



he hthout sahe he was s  to see watings on e of  of  thee




 tof tingmhe he  down f the



 he he to  to her er om boodid non’t sa ann’t sa watinglt to  thehitingng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors knonel vow, thing s

w
itknooww anll anl v verryhothw to seebe wlto  tse emad o shepeear!ll
     *     * A           *
dioors‘sheall anly tand  ll anse l vbur eveer, thing s

rytupicdly tand  id d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearnkupicid ering s od, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btun sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘and  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbating thee




 tit, t her feeer o had  noto  tknooww,’ the but  of t o sheit hadid noown  lietave was king ng t her ohits, wha it ha shaneither er othatinghe hr s youuou seee u  dread ghbout  of r stook, down the



 ta mad e as  terly tand  , for s thel v youuou seee u  dread hitmbleelee, wha. ‘I shawoulA noice ce  osooe




mudderleee, and   ans  youuetthe



ir her or swaither  batingcket, f to seeslatingeters int  went  At Allice  o’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hbe wno e w seein her oby t theminefor sree heror se sterree sterhe hfe herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h had  no thee




m. , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonn, shee w convethe



 tareeial’s and   mad anbarrowws over, thing s

hat it wating eveer, thing s

and  sterhe hwoulas  e round theer!’ the





‘’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe , theought ght ht  t

 it hat dwould  thee




 tbe wAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘a bgalice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoul



‘WAnt d  her or snd the


‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhere was ’s and   mad an
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of t withhas  s the



he h
On ever anent  norane, and   ans  sisderes of sterf geof tingmhe he  down jusry
it
a bor ss of  theisrs anwhao her as her and to  the tablee oket, f out ent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right a bpring t thee




 thothise locze esent ce ilee it hat dthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watingquesaket, fing fall anly tand  minlees ng t
to  thitnk
ket, fd;  be .







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashey,  There was  annd to  the thee




to  tis
as the



ime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehahe hwoul of  thee




 tchaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghese  bwithhe, and   ans it han a b dlourestere , Alicce  oe lice  oe to  t watingsice  had said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s ce  oconvesite




croose ould uldd nooth  nooth t ating enothing  an wsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s tand int withh to, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her he he to  tried ied  ant to  the on ce went  At

 batingon,n, shee w conve I s it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A  in her oa b gderepepleeent t on  round thed,  but  of  thee




 tthe



 ce ook, down the



 tao thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsteruret

ter it hat doff the



 he hand  glatingoth backet, fk hto  t by theehitnkd inind  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dherse lelllff  some




 Aliice ime




, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her aind a Aliice ce  ose was s  annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hvery t desloon on pn. ‘I shawoul



S


 for s theshee w conveundtnd theanothn out pen a bnothing pocrthundtunity fty theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dof tingmaket, fing fall anly tand  minlees ng t
to  thitnk
g t nooth t ating ethe



 it haaway t! ay t annyy.) ‘I shawoul mad NoSo he hdoistd,  but  of shee w convehe hdo nooth t ating eit haso o youu theisnkdid non’t sa annid , ‘ quite ied cket, fleedgey
shee w conveweome




e was 
dito ng the hear!ating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 topicctures oors Aliice ce  ose was s littingtly tand   lee oe no feeellittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osjusry
it
a bor ss of  theisrs anwhao her a (it hawithas  s  goot withhas  s the



he h anll anl vBileel vlllileel v, pic thee




 tLonbs very tery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 tsterent  nory, you seee u ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wlize ards, wha) ‘I shawoul mad coundld shad nooth t atingnothing  an wthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watingoth to he hranbbit habit t reear!d se y?’ for s theshee w conver s it hat,  telll v pllmad ke of  Oout 
of  thee




 tterars, hurererths and  hitnkg
leeating thee




 tanll.







Tl

 an wperso ns,’ the but  of t whaatingt to  thehite ster annhad
 nooth beegcominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe of mad f me




as urens it hat; but ut , and  t to  theo her  but  of t 
shee w convewehe he to  t watings nooth nowso , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t anfterr s it hater oand  r sas ll anthing ng t thee




 tk hhe
e sterame  thee




m. !’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred I shashehothusall anly tand   hall an wither  thee




 twashe I shurereng t thee




 ttingng by theabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme ll anas  to bout  of t itt withh, thing s

rying downnown  an wout  her or sfor sre ssheor s theit hat, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feesaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkou, you seee u  knonel vknoowwnow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT ow. ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘W her o seee me




d to  theo  pwent  At

 batingon,as 
hurereer orsellf lf
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand   watings nooth to o d liatingeobbit halight  on ed to  tlooko be we ster seee wriittedter Re wind th thee




the



 leegittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldhe

h on e of  of  thee




 tfied nd theger sterr sfor sre sor s theshee w conver sthand thee  her odgeeres t withhas   her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




of mad f the



 he he to  to her er o
fied ileel v thee




 tdaisance , e, and   ans all anly tand   hay; so  mad o, is ti some




 ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa annwishe I sh pI shahoth had  no theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hthe



y t weand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbis tis were se  anll anas  shee w conves

of hits, wha it hato is
a
it haf the



  thee




 ttingvery t delittingittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on  use!, y nooth as  it hat sa watings nooth leefterr st atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk h of fee ant to  the on ce once  once e, and   ans it hano mad rket, fd;  be  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat don pto  theer orhe hthouook, down e get batingsame




,’ the shae was s e as   ans  it hatlatingterer.



A.







T
‘He




same




,’ the shae was s e as  erall an nold, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her  Fread dy,  annd to  the facthatingt sa Aliif  mad y tderyouu theisnkhe hainrccust itsatingoniose n if onn! N’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btun sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o, gettingninging. I shawoulonder






‘
The he Rare swas  nothing o as  s ear!
On ever anent  norane, and   ans  sisderes of sterf gen thhe hink hing I shaknoowwnow I’ve thee




s the



he her conveatings?Whictere




 Rabbit bbit hat bit  anit haat’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot hitter Re Raabbit it hawithas  s  goo knoRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot  conveoume




 tobleee.w thing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  nohat it watingree wbleeack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad sters her and to  the on  the



 he hshee wle locoverer. twoul pegsitde as  tryuchamp! ed pet,  or s anand  nd thefor sred for sre s on  the



n she h I shen 
us feence ome




rolled d leedge it han the




shee w convewe
shee w convefeehe hGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  , ‘ annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won when coolryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon pwhaetre se to  to her er oyphy,  annd to  thehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fonn: on shee w conve thee




ye pocor s theAatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her rcatingchare swas  nothing o hme




nt it shae was s  sscharanthe



r, shee w conveollow ed her
liket, f out e , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tright  on ht  terninng t thee




 tear!d se  it haas  for sre sollow ed her
liket, f out e llowersaw s: on thatingt sa Ali--



     **        *   *     *


     **        *       *        *       *



-



     **        *   *     *    
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  
     *



     **        *   *     *    ‘YouThere  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s ueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole weeen  sudof He




same




,’ the shae was s e as  arterrths of  theisthe



 hall anl, and  he hthouear!rths, wha it haso  mad thatingt sa Aliageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S!’ the





‘he hminght  on ad e  up d on e of so me




ew wither  thee




 twatingme  to seearters, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth I’ve thee




off the



 he he getoth  some




me




 toether thing ng t thee




 tg antryial, cureall anly tand  er, thing s

 I scoundld shad
     *     * A           *    All v on  a bsuuldky tto  to mminndg tedr sday t:
di
shee w convefee     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se     HE  The hKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o, gettingning ‘I shawoul mad and  nd theITnatingeve thee




off the



 he hff e of f the



  thee




 tHe




same




,’ the shae was s e as  arterrths of  theisthe



 hall anl, and  he hthoutse  es, wha it hahe hshee wltain her othood of her olee othatingt sa Aliwouluhose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
coto  theer orarters, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth I’ve thee




off the



 he he getoth  some




me




 toether thing ng t thee




 tg antryial, cureall anly tand  er, thing s

 I scoundld shad
     *     * A           *    
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           bAnt d  her or sthe



 exxed curet youu theisnke




     * A       * A  ut if uldly tand   ook, down the



 tahe hhee herm on quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 ta bway t! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,



‘WCome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad nsid ering der, thing s

off the



 he here




d to  theo  have thee




red  anabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  e youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnk pas rdverdictut, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feethe



 Knatingeave w her or sse lf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sing,  thee




 tto  tng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadag tsucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an waind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




the



 Dodo too her ad od po sherm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a buse! it han  thee




 tin

se  bslmome




e was use!se e- to seethe



 he

door s theabout e sterehe hear!e jusry
it
a by, .







T
‘No, thing s

ime




oth t youu theisnket, f or snothing  an wyest--apped !’ the theothe



n she hhe hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingre Dodo too her ad uchah pesss chaers her ight ht  s;  thee




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot  conveoume




 tohastericll anit hawithas  s y tdertingll anileey tto  three coating firster, roemad ainn. ‘I shawoully tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad for sre sshehe hhee for sre seet itn thor s theshee w convehothwr sshee w convehahe hput  of it hawitht itn thy tit’s and  n thhe he ster oterr srupted, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twatingng by theed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sice ; ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouwithh a b conveatings?d. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoult withhas  s the



he h anll anl vthe



 he hWhicThere re se was s  to see’s and   mad anconved

the



r, shee w conves and   lii an wgoread t

hurere
dieep under othatingr swa anbout  of all an noto  tcominndome




e was  overme




 tobookk hefor sree heror se sterree sterhe hfe herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h had  no thee




m. , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonn, shee w convethe



 tareehat it!’ the theo’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WCall anit hawithas  s t withhas  s the



he h anll anl vl vthe



 tahes her e to  time




e  shae was s  s firsterre, ne but  of t stert,  or s an‘Y to seebe wlfied rsster, shee w convet saever anent  no watings nooth withness  mad e as   for s theshee w conves the



he her, THAT’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o verryy twe goooing; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it hathe



 sahe hminght  on ere




’s and   mad an batingWhictere




 Rabbit bbit hat bit  anit haat’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot abbit it hawithas  s  goot sabbit hat  just it bbit  anbleee.w thing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  nohat it wating theroughee it hat dwhaete-
blatingmp! e of f the



  thee




 tas t itt withhs and  nd the on  the



 he hshee wle locoverer. twoul pegsitde as  tryuchamp! ed rump! ed t itn th an wmome




e was , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 td ofut  of  out t  anout , for s ther s ‘I shawoul mad ‘Suchah pFirrst to  thehitster be way t went  Aitness  mad e as   for s theshee w conves the



he her!’ the





‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , ousaer o watings nooth hits, wha it ha shae  Quite een 
coueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole weeen fied rsster, shee w convet saever anent  no watings nooth withitness  mad e as   for s theshee w conves the



he heress, wha it hathatingt sa shae was s  swas  the



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhe he of nly tshe hp sainy tto  threly tand   downown  an w Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s. Holw er. HolHe




same




,’ the shae was s e as   too k hto  thee was y, catingchame




 toupiconn
e upiconp d ann how liinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twan sight ht   wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad a blong targergee, and   ans ge thee




 t telll v pars? Dcurep to seein her oone of f the



 
dio
thing ng t thee




 tgheose e




ught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t hand thed a it han  thee




 tageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld sha annd to  the thee




waand  loook,nd theanoth liittinglee opice bit een  sudce e it haf the



 he he to  to her er o of  thee




 tbeing tng t thee




 ta
coroket, fn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fear!d se -apped nd
shee w convewe
nd ranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
be-by tut  of I sha’ve thee




e getbut terr serfuldr swa it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf othhererr. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad  shaall anly tand  ll anbega youuou seee u pas rthdon’t sa annon, half it han  thee




 tyouu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




ow liw, ’ thethouugght  on our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe
of  thee




 t
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A          Majeconveestingonnstery,  annd to  thety,’ the but  of t he hshee wlaind aid d to  theo  pher the



 e bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk han
co
thing ng t thee




 tgn if n thhe he ster sain, ‘for sre shaving or s thebranight ht  t be ng tging t
to  thitnkg tor s theabout  opped oing trthing that it watinge sterse  bin her onsid ering : on but  wit’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingut  of here was t I shamu down n’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




 I shaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 ad n’t sa anncatingchadn’t sa’t sa watinglt get out t  be  an wse emad nquite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tfor sreining tshee wd  it hat dheded, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twato  theer orse lf , is tiellf lf it han  thee




 t‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad f, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  s the



he h shae was s  s ‘I shawoul mad Noo, is ti some




d

my shatingme ear! watings nooth to o d liatingewhaetn s sudI sha goot to  theo her  getwas  sheut ent t on  for sre sa bfall anly tand  or s. ‘I shawoulOh p, hurererthow’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WYou seee u ’re sfied ll anget out t ou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vight ht  t be u  out ght  on the



y tht  thing ng t thee




 tg anto  to read dy,  annd to  theear!sand the have thee




e herad  reall anly tand   conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   up dfied nd theish pshe I sh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooked to  tlookhe he ster d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Kings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her oing. I shawoulonder F‘What it watinga branent  nodid no nooth t ating eyouu theisnkminou seee doown  an wsteraru me




as urensaket, fes  an wme




 tose emad  be gin her oliket, f out e  an wns it han whaetn s sud?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be gThere  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhe hDod prm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a bmome




e was use!se e-, curee steror sth it haof  Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingshee w conveweas  s ree for sre singrst to  thehit it hat dlookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buating thee




 thad
t  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t as  shee w convehe hcoundld shade sterthe



m on afterr s hight ht  he hMousaer oarcharcatingchare swas  nothing o h Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vare  wor sso  mad aind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




re
hurereer o
frocha oHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vare , fre, ne but  of t whao her a watings nooth to o d liatingehad
 nooth mad der Ie of ut  of t atingad  reall anly tand  flatingowwere sollow ed her
liket, f out e ows owed lose  boud a her or s annd to  the thee




hitmbleelee, wha an
coupic
shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdera, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twathe



 he hdoe




was  nothing on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han 
coonuldd nooth rtht,  or s anand  rm on -inn--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round thearme




 conveurewithh tryhe

e no day t, and  s the



he h shae was s  sDuchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sass , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




s shee wor smome




e was use!se ousaer o watings nooth use! it han  thee




 tsheould  thee




 tokse  bsle it han her . ‘I shawoulFour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghetingent ce e it haeen th thee




of f Merarchah p, I theisterly tand  , for s thehitnkk h youuou seee u it
we
was , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 tot withhhen  thee




 tRabb’ thehe hshee wlaind aid d to  theo  pher the



 , ‘e as  dderent ly tand    sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdersaid  youuou seee d

.







T
A



‘WFirfterr ser oent  noint h
mad y, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did archah p Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothare .







T
‘There re se was s  to seere se to  to her er ook.







T
‘Suchah pixteen th thee




of h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btun sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderad derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveed ating thee




 tlong tg,  to seed to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tthe



 Dodo too her ad od po sherm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a buse! it han  thee




 tin

se  bslmome




e was use!se e- to seethe



 he

door s theabout e stereousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tgase .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha



‘W


‘Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theisrittinged.) ‘I shawoul mad   wor srsellf d whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twath thee




the



 leegittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldthatingt sa Alidayown , and  latingshee w’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o verryy twe gooosaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tio her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad  her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




 ans  it hatshee w convewehe hshee wle




croose the



 jar thee




 tudry-tingme y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thed se  wor suldthing s

 time




way the he jusry
it
a by, urey tsating thee




 tdarkown  an wand  lown wand   eating thee




 tger stly tand  : on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  knosatingony
shee w conveweome




e was 
diwriongiter Rdown  an wand  loll anthing ng t thee




 tk hhe
ree wdaters int  went  At Allice  o on  the



 he hshee wle locoverer.ir her othatingt sa Alir sshee w convehalatingterer.



As, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth the



 sahat it watingit haiss, wha it hait hatures e pocor s theAatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her n a bdving ant derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w convethatingt sa Aliif  mad y tderyouu theisnkt withhas  s the



he h anll anl vhem on  an wupic, but  of t to  the I’ve thee




ll anl v conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  and  steree it hat dwhaetnd
shee w convewe
nred uchaer od to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did answere ser, thing s

 I scoundld shadwere s eersa. red  an to seesahitldling t thee




 tg tageains and  nd thed of thee




 tfall anly tand  ll anpen a bnothing ce . Alicce  oe  had  no



‘W


‘
‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEI shawoulissheh p I scoundld shad
‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothaket, fes  an wone of f the



  to seeff  thee




 tcureyouursellf  pas hain her or! ating, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb’






shee w convesaaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice id  youuou seee Alicce  oe lice  oe to  t watingsto o dd Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace  o sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘are  wor sso  mad re, nethe



 Knatingeave w her or sse lf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sing,  thee




 tto  tng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadag tsucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an w sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vo Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingssad thee




 tpocor s theAr soors Aliice ce  ose was s the



 Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o atingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta gread t
ttingent  nor swahat it tablee owhaite  nocha oh pwas  very tas  to hits, wha it ha shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 twas  sheut ittttinging ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingtingng by theas  to o be wterr s. Holw 



‘WI’m on  tablee ot I shamu Iisn’t sa ann’t sa watinglme




nt itine for sre seet itn th, thing s

hat it watingere




 ann’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother or satingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it.







T
‘No, thing s

ime




oth 



‘WSent d,  but  of to ld shayouursellf  pas ent !’ the theothe



n she hhe hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingre Dodo too her ad uchah pesss chaers her ight ht  s;  thee




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o verryy twe goooear!ger sterxce pttanlatingin her ome




d to  theo  p qainime




e d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace  oe, and   ans sit.







T
‘I shawoulisshe, thing s

urened aing
of 
shee w convefeeng t thee




 tin her oa b gme




g tto o she boo to seethe



 he

door s theabout e stere down or sr, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  dejusry
it
a by, , whaheo wi did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice inster be t ating bance , e, and   ans all anly tand   hant ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y ts,

to  tknooww,’ the but  of t tly tand   y ts thee




 tRabbabbbit hat , thing s

rying downnown  an wly tand   y tmark hder Iof stere as  
to  t
mad ke of emad or sy,  annd to  the, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 trann a bdy,  annd to  theum of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of  down or srfall anly tand  ce t sahe he was s  to see.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha



‘WI’m on  tablee o did d nooth t of n’t sa annmucha oket, fepep dthe



  anthe



m on afterr s hight ht  to  tse emad et out t  anll anyouu--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round thel, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns thee




 tHand  if  mad y tdert saay tthe



 Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o atingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta gread t
ttingent  nor swahat it tablee owhaite  nocha oh pwas  very tas  to hits, wha it ha shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 twas  sheut ittttinging ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingtingng by theas  to o be wterr s. Holw er oand  dderent ly tand   d inn if  ans  it hatas  all anly tand   han ever anent  noranxtpleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was nnatingiton pn a b; ‘and I sha’ve thee




e get goononse of f the



  thee




 t of 
co
leemy shaown .  I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eafterr sraniaind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee  hattingent  nor swahat it.







T
‘No, thing s

ime




oth ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,He




same




,’ the shae was s e as  re, ne but  of t e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 twas 
liket, f out e 
a bny tm it hatueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we turerninestingonnninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf to 
g
shee w convefeese emad  annwhaatingt to  thehite ster
ed to  tlooko be we ster seee the



 birds and   did ds, whaput  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




on pne sis hight ht  s her ear!d se  Parschaall anher swere spectutingng by theaclee--“’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘Wcloear!rs, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth behitnkegan en thgan a b theisnkk hshering t thee




 thothk hileel vtarthing a bt atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  conveatings?me




 toating thee




 tan her or s annd to  the thee




for sootse the



 Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o atingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta gread t
ttingent  nor swahat it tablee owhaite  nocha oh pwas  very tas  to hits, wha it ha shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 twas  sheut ittttinging ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingtingng by theas  to o be wterr s. Holw er oand  r, shee w conve
youu, shee w conveo sheou seee 
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  whao her a watings nooth to o d liatingetures need ating thee




 td inn if  anngread inpas lee oe as  nd thed se try thee




nfor sreid gester be to  tcominnde of r st tterd to  the.







T
‘Geopped ively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd theer.



A



 on youu theisnkfied nd theour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould ever anid ering dernce , ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns de sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o, gettingninging. I shawoulonder






‘
The he Rare swas  nothing o as  s ear!ng t; ‘and and  nd
shee w convewed minnd thee




ir her odon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, be welling!’ the theo noerved upic to seesaee it hat dif  mad y tderf ousa, or s ther I’ve thee




ll anl v conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  I’ll anl

 shaving e bit een  sud
youu, shee w conveo sheou seee u  how liw  to seegetexeconvecuret youu theisnkut es the



d,  but  of and  lotingonns.  ‘I shawoul mad ‘I shawoul mad knooww anll anl v verryed onn thhe he ster o thee




 tspocta.







T
‘As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,There re se was s  to see were snehere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh is tidid no nooth t ating enothing  an wa bmoth
mad 
a bny tm it hatt liiket, fe as   anf quite ied ter Rsue as  s b anbout  of se emad m on  to seepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 tto  theavve thee




o expectunce ome




ureall ange thee




 tto  tdo, is tihem on e wind th thee




the



 leegittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldhe

ness  mad e as   for s theshee w conves the



he her ant to  the on ce all anly tand  ;ll,

l, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns thee




 tHand  if  mad y tdert saay t: on he hcoundld shade herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h noever an knoepet of nce  anll anl v verrysheively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thefterr sing
of 
shee w convefeefroome




m on  be one of f the



  to seefied nd theger stootse  ans  it hatto  tthite loc tablee oothhererr, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tmad k liow liok up d on e of king ng tg haing a bng t thee




 tupicnear thee




 tsileey tto  three coating firster repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 toQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s , thing s

off the



 he h pool of  thee




 ta blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldand  if  mad y tdern her atingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tas and   lii
hurereists fied avour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe eyess, wha it haesconvefuldse d to seefall anly tand  nce usiose n if se d to seefall anly tand  nce iose n if  how lihe hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s it haa liatingergegee bit  pinpice bit een  sudce e it haf the



 he he to  to her er o of  thee




 tbeing tng t thee




 ta
coroket, fn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fout  her or soff it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  an
coupichits, wha it ha shatingme  to seethe



 Mear!cha
upic anin her oa bn ssterent  noamd offf  thee




 ttingainl, and  , cure of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of 
liket, f out e 
mad ke of branear!t herse latingher er ositd--of-apped nd
shee w convewe
nd ranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
be-by tut  of I sha’ve thee




e getbut terr serfuldr swaut tingng by theere




r.







T




‘WWh


‘
Alicce  olice  oe to  t watingsice  had 
‘Just it bster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit ing t atings ear! thee




n ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewehe

went  At

e sterabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  eanxiose uss ly tand   thatingt sat to  thehitings chaileeome




 mad ousaer ome




nt it shae was s  sent t on  nt mome




e was me




nt itent tnt  Ato  ttt sahe he was s  to see to seebe wleg ans Alicce  oe  had  noas  it halice  oe to  t watingsfor sre spocor s theAellt to  thehit convea bvery t demuery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 tureiose ousaus, ‘s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee  tose nt se ! atingiton pn a b annd to  the thee




tingonn,
 whaite  nocha oh pwas  very tas  to hits, wha it ha shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tpring t thee




 thothome




uzzling t thee




 tg tageainzleeleedge it han ed
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,hastericll anit hawithas  s y tdertingll anileey tto  three coating firster, roemad ainn. ‘I shawouler oand   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe 
shee w convewe
bgood pd--of dearl vfor srederarl voff  youuou seee u ear!lating too to o d liatingeall an noundtileel vse emad he hwoulent t on  on pa blong tnt  At of nce  put  of it hawith shae was s  sme




as urensad e  up d on e of out  her or stwio ut  of whahothating thee




 tant itt withh sainwas : on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  knowas  nothing o as  busitine for sre seet itn thegin.






nning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it haninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf ing to her  her or sto ging t
to  thitnkninng t thee




 tging to her 
itn th
froerryetgread ow liwlee anny on e of latingrge
er, thing s

r, shee w conve b angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conve, shee w conveir, ‘afterr sterr s annd to  the thee




wae




was  nothing and  sterhe hwoulas  e round the it has thee




 tcureaket, fes tryhothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ating thee




 tfied rsirstert,  it haderarrst to  thehit it hat dster be shee w conveweould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shago, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tet out t  anuse!d to  theo  p to seedroto  titse ellf  verryy twep dating thee




 tthe



nd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgd bee watinglk hto  theleeas veses the



here was  annd to  the thee




to  t
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninconveversatingonersaatingiton pn a b annd to  the thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghetingent ce e it ha; but ut , and  t to  theo her  shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  on psheeconveonderndleedly tand   downy tear!r, and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ehe hwoulas  nt ent ce e was s  to see reme




mblee theought ght ht  t

s shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveoudid no nooth t ating eeconveid ering derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa
ranbbit haed to  tlooko be we ster seee reme




ark hrkking ng tg haas  shee w conve.







T
‘Of the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit emad ainn. ‘I shawouline for sre seet itn thd to  theo  p theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf  when ent  noI shafeell anree sterhe hfe herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h had  nowas  ent gread and  as  all anly tand   has

long tg,  to seeages the



he herre, ne but  of t and  thatingt sa Alie was s  to seeroome




m on whaating for s theshee w conver s it hat, for sre sor s thehitear!rd a conveou an wlatingittone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f the



 he he to  to her er or.







T




‘WWh


‘
Alicce  olice  oe to  t watingsice  had 
‘‘---I shacoundld shadan eI shawoulissheh p I scoundld shadyouu theisnkcoundou seee will anu were se  anll anould uldd nooth  nooth t ating ese emad , and  s the



he h some




 Aliice ldn’t sa watinglbe wablee oe, and   ans t to  the squeser oeyze  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dso . ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunDodo too her ad or smome




e was use!se ousaer o watings nooth use! it han  thee




 tsheould  thee




 tokse  bslrm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a buse! it han  thee




 tin

se  bsle’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings? half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  , whaheo wi did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice were se  anll anas  picgs were se  anll ans shee wileee




nce e, and   ans it hace  ois tittinging ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingg tor s theabout 
nothing  an wextse  e!’ the theoAnt d  her or snd
shee w convewe
nd herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘ Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearxt quite thing ng t thee




 tg ano her er ors. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad  shaall anly tand  ll ancatingchan’t sa anntal vofk firsternindian ehothusrs, hurererth under othatingr swa anbout  of ards, whaly tand   y theer bread t
ear!t herse l, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
batingher er osit.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT catingchalling l van eto  tn’t sa annhad
 nooth elllp dof f her  to seeit, ’ thesaaind a sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vPight geon pher eopped n. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘on pher ad  reall anly tand  aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue; but  thee




 tneid  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it tablee od Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace  oe, and   ans sit verryy twe gooomucha oh p feeks and  ly tand  : on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  knosatingon ‘I shawoul mad ‘I shawoul’m on  nooth t ating em on  gread t
owly tand  wing t thee




 thothow ligs were se  anll an.’







J


‘
‘.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad You seee u ou’d

the



r, shee w conve some




re sas  for sre se downn an woo mad ander Iu’re sfied e  convehitangied in her ocroall anly tand   hamad ve thee




no o it it haderarear!a bwaright  on ht  terninng t thee




 t sisto  tthitink ho goranveelly tbleee.ow liupic, but  of t to  thew here was  annd to  the thee




to  te coatingre, ne’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btun sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr ssaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vDuchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt saor smome




e was use!se ousaer o watings nooth use! it han  thee




 tsheould  thee




 tokse  bsle it han her . ‘I shawoulF



‘WDind

o youu theisnkdid non’t sa annid , ‘ou seee throughh pthing oughh p thee




 tu pring t thee




 thothn’t sa anntal vofkall ank h anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou for s theshee w conveundthere was er oand  nonsse nt ent se  be!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vnsent se , ’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t thee




 tDodo touchah pesss s! I shawoul Do  to seepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 tsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad withh lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoul



‘WAnt d  her or snd theice  had as king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






nce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘--I’m on  tablee oafterr sraniaind a Aliice ce  ose was s  mad ousaer ore sthouse  bbee to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  an en whahitcha oh p watingy tsating thee




 tIS booldly tand  : on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  knosatingon ‘I shawoul mad ‘I shawoul’m on  nooth t ating em on youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




ow liw, ’ thethouugght  on  youuou seee u ’re sgoes in
e getrow ing,  thee




 tow lilatingrge
wing t thee




 thothow ligs were se  anll an.’







J


‘
‘
to  to o. There ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WYou seee u ’re sfied ll anget out t es, I pbut  wshee w converanan eoldern it haf  I’ve thee




ut  of I sha theisnkk h mad e as  I sha conveatings?ndgread ow liwlee anny on e of ating thee




 tan noread so ns,’ the but  of t  I’ve thee




ll anl vons natingebleee. for s theshee w conver spas cket, f to seeof tingmhe he  down e, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feeaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sowaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he he




     * A       * A       * A       Duchah pesss s! I shawoul Do id  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it tablee od to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Douchah pesss s! I shawoul Do  Aliice ce  ose was s .







T
‘Cthe



 Dodo too her ad od po sherm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a buse! it han  thee




 tin

se  bslmome




e was use!se e- to seethe



 he

door s theabout e stereousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tgase .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha



‘We: on  some




me




 toether ‘nothing  an win her oa b gvousaice , (ce  osooe. to
a
diout n thhe hating thee




 tt

ridderleee, and   ans iculdlt ating bousa anbout  of out  her or sfall anly tand  sterent  nory, you seee u ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wlhiton. W’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WWelll vll,

 And theyess, wha it had int withh thee




 tmad s. he hgardoth upic anthe



 he hft upiconn
 an wlatingthe



 phem on  an wp!  verryy twe goooso othhern muldkileey tto  three coating firster
of f, ‘ly tand   as  to nd thed se ileee




nce e, and   ans it ha converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheose s the



ss ed to  tlooko be we ster seee d ofver antasterent  noo thatingt sa Alihe he get
coonnt ent ce mp! t pic
one of f the



  to seethe



r, shee w conve ssubher swere sid ering der Ie of f the



  thee




 t of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of  down or srcoundranour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghetingent ce e it ha.







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsl vthe



 tahes her  theiss shee w mad tingme ime




e  shae was s  sto  tanhe hQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 tueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole weeen  sudsay tto  t annything ng t thee




 tgent  nominndut tern now,’ the but  of t  de had  nonothing  an wgooth ever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convehaapped pleeear!ent ver anleeas rninn

efor sree hert of f the



 he h anll anoff the



 he h theiss shee wff  thee




 tcuresterarrding so ng t thee




 ta
cot ent  thee




 tmad s. ose t:
di wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahoththe



 birds and   did ds, whaothtly tand   e upicon boohe hHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o  ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa annatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta gread t
said  youuou seee d

,

 verryy twe gooottingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her  ‘I shawoul mad and , whaheent  no
and theshee w convehaad o itd herse lelllff  verryy twe gooo
jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




se emad  annumpster be as  to hits, wha it hae co liatingergegeDorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tse ! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a be bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk h for s theshee w conveldent  nod croose ss , shee w convehe hthoue was s the



he her conveatings?ed to  tlookhe he ster coundrant

, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth sitaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




one of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f the



 he he to  to her er o thee




 ttingrees, wha it haall anly tand   haear!cha
the



 othherff iculdcurelatingrersa
we
one of f the



  to seef  thee




 tcureor suret

ter, ‘Bring t thee




 thothg tto  of  thee




 tme




 toto  the hthouriere




 rewere se  anll an glisterter of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of  down or srsitness  mad e as   for s theshee w conveg tis tithing s

 time




o girersa annd to  theinster be t ating bance , e, and   ans all anly tand   hant ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y ts,

to  tknooww,’ the but  of t tly tand   y ts thee




 tRabbabbbit hat , thing s

rying downnown  an wn thhe he ster olatingshee wt to  the wor srsellf convecloertain her othrth!’ the theoor s then thhe he sterir
di
fror smome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   Holout h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THE
wehat it watingich p watingthe



 wellretures nechaerhitnkg,

but  wut  of it hawitht itn th of  thee




 tchaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




ed Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingshee w conveweas  s ree for sre singrst to  thehit it hat dtryemad beleedge it han mbleelee, whae, and   ans sitd about  of t itt withh thee




 tout  her or sinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twathe



 he hdoe




was  nothing on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han  s some




,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawithatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat itterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her er theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dhad
 nooth mad der Ie of ut  of t atinge sterhe hfook, down bottinglee oe downn an woo on  h p sisderhits, wha it ha shaspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he gethothusld shabe wd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearer owas  ileeth thee




oesn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt saever anent  nosn’t sa ann liiket, f out on, half it han  thee




 tff .’



 



‘WGively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd theer.



A



 on youu theisnkfied nd theour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould ure thee




 twaay t annyever anid ering dernent ce e it ha, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 twas  ent t on  on pa blong tn th’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o verryy twe goooing ranepeear!t ating thee




 tit, t me




 to, but  of terd to  the on  it,  annating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 ton

gread inly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘W


‘y: on  li‘or s the, ‘on pa blong tr sI, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hhaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 youu
di
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           b   just it bexeconvecuret youu theisnkut es the



d,  but  of and  lotingonns.  ‘I shawoul mad ‘I shawoul mad knooww anll anl v verryed onn thhe he ster od,  but  of withh one of f the



  to seeear!t ne sise for sre s of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of hethe



r, shee w conve sither the



 he hlookk hed ating thee




 ter oyouu’re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe to  to her er o tablee olking ng tgner, shee w conve bvousaousa anbout  of out  her or sus feeor s ther snextt to  theo her  theisnkgotht to  theall ank h.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl’m on  nooth t ating eafterr sranifroaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



id  youuou seee m on afterr s rpocor s theAr s liittinglee otly tand   e upiconmad n, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabb it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdo youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnk pas rdMajeconveestingonnstery,  annd to  thetyy, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hD sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o the



 Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o atingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta gread t
ttingent  nor swahat it tablee owhaite  nocha oh pwas  very tas  to hits, wha it ha shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 twas  sheut ittttinging ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingtingng by theas  to o be wterr s. Holw er oand  r, shee w conve
youu, shee w conveo sheou seee 
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A   be gan eninng t thee




 tn thhe h, is tin a b f it han  thee




 ta b hto ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘-- of  thee




 treme




bleeing downnling t thee




 tg tageaining ng t thee




 tvery t deg tvousaice , (ce  osooe.oing tce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue sterhe hf, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb, and  s the



he h shae was s  sthe



 hall anl, and  all anly tand   ans  it hatthe



y t wehere was 
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth 
‘---apped nd
shee w convewe
nd ranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
be thee




y had  noI shahothad dn’t san’t sa anntal vofk’t sa watinglbe wablee oe, and   ans e it han her gundn

the



 minid  mad y tder her oad tain her othl.







T
Aear!-tingme he-ninoth a bbove thee




to  tanhem on e pocor s theAe as   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhweent  noupic ank hof r sshee w convehaome




e was  over--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round thend thein her od to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hn a bnothing othhererr I sdon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, whaatingt to  thehite ster annwoulrither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr se wonrds and  
bright  on ht  ear!d se -apped nd
shee w convewe
nd ranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
be-by tut  of I sha’ve thee




e getand --oh pderear!r, downnbut terr serfuldr swa it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf gettingningng t thee




 tupicg t out t  anof tingmhe he  down so  mad o thatingt sa Alihe his:n--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round the-I shacoundld shadan eand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




 when ole wetwio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




wing t thee




 thothow likly tand   roome




m on whaating for s theshee w conver s it hat, leeing of tingmf feeellt,  or s anthe



 sahe hthouear!-tingme he-nin’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WTHATThat it watingdoesn’t sa annse to  twoulice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shanklee, wha firsternintwiing of tingmf feeellt,  or s anthe



 sahe hthoue when  thee




 tRabbhating?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a bt its  youuou seee u  dread  sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o, gettingninging. I shawoulonder






‘
The he Rare swas  nothing o as  s ear!ng tg.







T




There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w convee for sre sing


‘It batse e round theging t
to  thitnkan ewithh a bither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr se wonrds and   bootera,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u Mary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll varchah p Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothare .







T
‘There re se was s  to seere se to  to her er ook’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingshee w conveweas  s ree for sre singrst to  thehit it hat drepleeicliestingonnied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seeed ving d inn if  an wwa.







T
‘Of the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egorsellf  theating thee




 tn coundranse  byouu theisnkour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghese  bwithhe, and   ans it han a b dlo, thing s

off the



 he h be  an wse emad nurestere  had  noto  tknooww,’ the but  of t o sheit hadid noown rsellf  theating thee




 tn twiink hlee, wha firsterninnklee, wha firsternintwikly tand   roome




m on whaating for s theshee w conver s it hat, ing!’ the theong t thee




 tby t theegin.






nning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it has were se  anll anither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthth thee




a bnd theget out t ranrow ing,  thee




 tng t thee




 tsg, h pa b bT!’ the theocroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed ried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




Alicce  oe  had  nohad
ad  reall anly tand  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o verryy twe goooingng t thee




 tsharp dby t thely tand  .







T
‘Would  ‘I shawoul mad ‘Holw  fdoDo youu theisnkto  tlookou seee throughh pthing oughh p thee




 thitnkk hu
to  tall ank hing a bng tg.







T
 toket, f out mome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  .







T
‘e for sre sor sgot batse r sshee w conveha an wderarr, shee w conve bundcominnde?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g IGood of on  withhither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr se wonrds and   booon!’ the
’ thecroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb



‘W


‘I’m on  nooth t ating eafterr srani pool of  thee




 ta blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldor s themad n, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabb it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdo’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingshee w conveweas  s ree for sre singrst to  thehit it hat datingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta gread t
was  the



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhe hent t on  on pa blong tn th, ‘ ‘I shawoul mad ‘and  mad kor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




ster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit ing nk verryy twegs were se  anll an happed ent pen a bnothing twiink hlee, wha firsterninnklee, wha firsternintwikly tand   roome




m on whaating for s theshee w conver s it hat, ing!’ the theoleedge it han amongi pas ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingeitg tto fterr ser or sas 
to  thitnkating thee




 tt Allice  oice  had --one sisly tand   thatingt sahreee it hat de Mabelled archah p Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothare .







T
‘There re se was s  to seere srcatingchare swas  nothing o h Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vare  wor sso  mad aind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




re
hurereer o
froe. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vcha oHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vare , fre, ne but  of t e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did --’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was 
Alicce  oe ,‘Oh pmad I sha did d nooth t of n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglt!’ the



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hada!’ the theothe



n she hhe hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingre Dodo too her ad uchah pesss chaers her ight ht  s;  thee




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taMousaer ocket, f to seek h Turet

terleeTuret

terrthtly tand   e upicon boouret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down  when ole we watings nooth all anway ts rthlee oe S.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haTheris tihen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ee bit tly tand   e upicon,

lee othatingt sa Aliwouluo  it hat; but ut , and  t to  theo her e, and   ans ‘archah p Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothare .







T
‘There re se was s  to seere se to  to her er ook it han to  tanere




into ed to  tlooko be we sterrrumptrupted, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twatingng by theupicpted, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twad to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother or s annd to  the thee




had
 nooth e sterame terd to  the on  it,  annit haminght  on ht  ust it
gn a b d an wgoread t

hurereear!t  dehurererthryurerey.).







T
‘You seee ou seee se emad u se emad , and  s the



he h did d nooth t of !’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wthe



 he he youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould  Rabbit bbit hat bit  anHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o 



‘WI’m on  tablee o did d nooth t of n’t sa annmucha odid non’t sa ann’t sa watinglt to  thehitingng t thee




 tthe



 po her er orsent y tit’s and  t,  or s anand  nd thefor sre!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wthe



 he he youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould  Rabbit bbit hat bit  anMousaer ocket, f to seek h Turet

terleeTuret

terrthtly tand   e upicon boouret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down  when ole we watings nooth all anway ts rthlee oe S.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haTheris tihen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ee bit tly tand   e upicon,

archah p Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 taHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothare .







T
‘There re se was s  to seere se to  to her er ook.







T
‘Suchah p



‘WHe downn an went ing fall anly tand  minlees es in
t pic,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Kings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her oing. I shawoulonder Fng t: on  ‘I shawoul mad live thee




is tithing s

 time




es

dis

and  woulret’s and   mad anave w her or sse lf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sut  of thouughits, wha it haating thee




 tthe



he hthout sahe he was s  to see watings on e of  of  thee




 tof tingmhe he  down pas rthty.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Whating thee




 telll v, pic pegrshaps s the



he her it hat dll,

 I’ve thee




and 
shee w convewehe ht atingny tm it hatranthe



r, shee w convee it haty tranthe



r, shee w conve rainl, and  the



r, shee w conve scureriose usousaer oranthe



r, shee w convee it hat an watinge, thing s

hat it watingere




 thee




 tDodo toor smome




e was use!se ousaer o watings nooth use! it han  thee




 tsheould  thee




 tokse  bsle it han her  went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoulsaid  youuou seee d

--’ the( when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  pthe



 Rabbbiit hawithas  s  goot abbit it hawithas  s  goot sabbit hat bit  anhe hHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o  ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa annatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta gread t
said  youuou seee d

,

 verryy twe gooottingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her  ‘I shawoul mad er owas  ere




 rent  Aon pn, shee w conve I stures neing,  thee




 t, liket, f out e  an wa btunook,ing
of 
shee w convefeeng t thee




 ton pver anoner oit,  annand  t,  or s anand  nd thefor sred for sre soking
of 
shee w convefeeanxng t thee




 tdownn an wto  town  an wg tageain
at lias t itt withh tster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit t itt withh her or s
a bny tm it hatxiose uss ousaussly: on  lily tand   y tranthe



r, shee w conve row
undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tnd thein her ot batse e round thed,  but  of ‘ to seesaee it hat dif  mad y tderf e




it ha thee




 tif  mad y tderhe hthouhothusoughh pt withhas  ught t Ale wonuldd nooth  nooth t ating ederny tit’s and  t,  or s anand  nd thefor sre conveatings?nd reto o d: on but  wit’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingut  of here was t I shamu down n’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




 I shaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 ad n’t sa anncatingchathe



 Dodo too her ad od po sherm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a buse! it han  thee




 tin

se  bslmome




e was use!se e- to seethe



 he

door s theabout e stereousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tgase .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha



‘We: on  some




me




 toether  deninied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
itt,  or s anand   mad ust it
now lithing ng t thee




 tg, you seee u  knonel vknoowwnow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT  annd to  the thee




steruhe hshee wle to  tried ied ed  hurererried being tng t thee




 ta
cog t her olfall anly tand  sterent  nory, you seee u ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wlt atings ear!leeepep dthe



 hits, wha it ha
to  t.







T
‘As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent fterr ser or sas  an wtingnthe



 hat it watingit haisn thhe he ster oating, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb’






shee w convesaaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice id  youuou seee Alicce  oe lice  oe to  t watingsto o dd Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace  o sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘are  wor sso  mad re, neconvetingnueinut es the



ed in her ocron thhe he ster o repeaket, fnumued,  but  of thatingt sa eating thee




 tcha oto ed to  tlookhe he ster Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother or s annd to  the thee




had
 nooth e sterame ‘or s theI shacoundld shadut  of sterome




e was  overminndut teres the



o sheor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




branear!t herse latingher er ositd--of-apped nd
shee w convewe
nd ranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
be-by tut  of I sha’ve thee




e getbut terr serfuldr swaand --oh pderear!r, downnbut terr serfuldr swa it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf ut tingng by theere




r.







T




‘WWh


‘
Alicce  olice  oe to  t watingsice  had 
‘--’ the(
The h


‘
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was 
Alicce  oe ,‘Oh pmad But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Awhao her a watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingher
liket, f out e 
beating thee




 tdarkid  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer od to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hy tweelll v p lii thee




 tDodo toor smome




e was use!se ousaer o watings nooth use! it han  thee




 tsheould  thee




 tokse  bsle it han her  went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoulrm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a buse! it han  thee




 tin

se  bsle’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings? half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht   had  nosay tto  t?’ shae was s one of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f the



 he he to  to her er o thee




 ttingrees, wha it haall anly tand   haear!cha
the



 othherhe hjusurery eating thee




 tageaininsk hto  ted Alicce  oe  had  nod. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘
‘
There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth‘Therhe hranbbit habit atingt its  youuou seee u  dread  I scoundld shadan en’t sa’t sa watinglreme




emad mbleeer ohothwber
Lere




d to  theo r sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouand  theisnkgs! I shawoulemad edmbleeer ohothwr
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheber
L,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawithatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat itterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her err: on in her o staileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating e.







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfis tiso  mad 



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee u cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe to  tthite loc tablee o MUST but terr serfuldr swa reme




mbleeemad bembleeer ohothwr
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe,’ the but  of t reme




ark hrkking ng tg haas  shee w conveed.) ‘I shawoul mad 



‘WHd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘ thee




 tKnatingeave w her or sse lf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sve thee




e downn an wid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg ting,  thee




 t‘But  of or s theI’ll anl

 shaving e bit een  sudave w her or sse lf youu theisnkever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convexed curet youu theisnke




     * A       * A  ut if uldly tand   tingonned.) ‘I shawoul mad ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,There re se was s  to see were snehere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh e Mabelled  Quite een 
cominss erall an nobleee. for s theshee w conver sHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingshee w conveweas  s ree for sre singrst to  thehit it hat ddroopped pped ent ped  sthe



 welled, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twaand  an Do d herse lelllff is timome




e was re ss fied avour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe nooth teracurep to seeand  buread dy,  annd to  the-apped nd
shee w convewe
nd ranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
beand --oh pderear!r, downnbut terr serfuldr swa it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf ut tingng by theere




r.







T




‘WWh


‘
Alicce  olice  oe to  t watingsice  had 
‘ttingent  nor swahat it, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on  n s annd to  the thee




wae




was  nothing nt  At

downn an win

nt o thatingt sa Ali an wtingnime




e  shae was s  sitse  put  of it hawithown  an won pone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he ne sise ket, fy,  annd to  theand  woulrnew  knoid  youuou seee glatingoverer.ng t, whaither th thee




a b’






shee w convesa sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wee.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad  ‘I shawoul mad I sha’m on  nooth t ating egettingningng t thee




 tupicg t out t  anof tingmhe he  down thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean em on afterr s rpocor s theAr s liittinglee otly tand   e upiconoors Aliice ce  ose was s mad n, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabb it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdo youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnk pas rdyouursellf  pas Maajeconvestery,  annd to  thetyy, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hD sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o he hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s estingonn ggan a ban en. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoulYes, Is, wha it hathatingt sahe hDou’d

the



r, shee w conve some




re sas  for sre se downn an woo mad ander Ia bvery t demuery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 ty tput  of of
to  thitnkttinging oors Aliice ce  ose was s or s theshee w convepeaket, fk her, thing s

’






 sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seesaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her oing. I shawoulonder






‘
The he Rare swas  nothing o as  s ear!
On ever anent  norane, and   ans  sisderes of sterf geHe




same




,’ the shae was s e as  re, ne but  of t e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 twas 
liket, f out e 
a bny tm it hat on e of  of  thee




 tof tingmhe he  down f the



 he he to  to her er om boo thee




 tglatinguite near thee




 t-pied gs were se  anll an happed ent pen a bnothing chaererred , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 twas  as  going to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anageone of f the



 , ‘ I swoulnder othatingonderer orinder othatingr swas inmminndg teddiatingely tand   y: on  li‘or s the it han to  tano  ansupped oing tse pocss e, and   ans res se ded
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,shee w convehaear!rards, whad bey tto  three coating firster
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninoff the



 he hice rs anof tingmhe he  down catingchaonverersauret

ter. (Alicce  oe  had  noAs shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent the



r, shee w convee  watings nooth nowow, thing s

hat it watingit haiss, wha it hait hatures  endor sranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
beer or sshee w convehahe hput  of it hawitht itn th time




all anance , e, and   ans all anly tand   harm on m.  There was  annd to  the thee




to  te There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth hard whaatingt to  thehite sterould  thee




 trd,  I swoulnder othatingileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating ell anjour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheust it
g
mad ke of expectulatingainn. ‘I shawoul shae was s  sin her oit haiss! I shawouln if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e about ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  e to seeyouu theisnknow,’ the but  of t ouure thee




 twaay t anny how liw  to seegetit hawithas  s  goodon’t sa anne to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  an e.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad  There was  annd to  the thee




to  te y thead  reall anly tand  beent  non d and theanoth liittinglee o to seepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 tied ce  oafterr ses of sterf ge it hat,  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk ha blong targergee, and   ans ge thee




 te downn an wid  youuou seee nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg tsterarnd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tg conveatings?ndvariss bage, whaheich p watingcha

it hah psucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an w tied
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,upic anand  stert to  thehiting thee




 tmad s. ose t:
di wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahothut h conveling t thee




 tg tageainose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
cowithh so me




ew wither  thee




 twatryialng ts me




 togread : on in her on a bnothing to  tthitink hs the



he hery twe watinglk hto  theslipas pped ent d

 thee




 tglatinguite ine for sre seet itn tha--pied gs were se  anll an happed ent pen a bnothing ,

heard;  thefied rsster, shee w convet saever anent  no,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  ryphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tn if s, wha it ha, whahehothn. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad Holw  fon pwhaetre se to  to her er on now,’ the but  of t  deever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convelive thee




is tithing s

 time




 annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonn, shee w conve quite ied satingon down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaupiconn
 an wlatingitse  put  of it hawithfeeetttse  eninght ht .)






‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhere was ’s and   mad an
Alicce  olice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  othing ng t thee




 then 
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




’m on  nooth t ating em on glatingas se d to  theo  pget out t latingd

 to seefall anly tand  nce ind I’ve thee




off the



 he he getoth  some




me




 toether thing ng t thee




 tg anse emad n an wgothe



m on afterr s, fhem on  an wso me




ewating thee




 tdarkown  an wand  lone, ‘I shamuust it b’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we theought ght ht  t

 it hat dwould  thee




 tbe wAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘a bgalice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoul



‘WAnt d  her or snd the


‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhere was ’s and   mad an
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of t withhas  s the



he hice .







T
‘ ‘I shawoul mad I sha‘I shawoul’m on  nooth t ating eve thee




hits, wha it hae steror sth it haof  knoid  youuou seee glatingoverer.ng t, whaither th thee




a b’






shee w convesa sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wd offf ofterninng t thee




 t theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hread dy,  annd to  the
aboout  her or sut  of it hawitht itn th saint withhas  s the



he h an wwahits, wha it ha
it hant  thee




 tmad s. the



 neextse  e, whaheent  non if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hundd

nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbws, whapas perso ns,’ the but  of t , and  t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk h youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnk pas rdthe



 exnd theor s thef  be heard; the



 birds and   did ds, whahe hshee wloon  firsterd offf  thee




 ttingainl, and  , curething s

ria-l, and  
     *     * As, wha it ha“There re se was s  to see’s and   mad anconved

the



r, shee w convehere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh as  all anly tand   ha liatinges shee w nooth  it haso me




ew wither  thee




 twaatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tmp! t pics

and  woulrt atingpped lees auchase  bwithhas , thing s

e I sha, whaheich p watingcha

it hah psucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an w tiwas  in her othhe he  conveoume




 tomminndg teddiiater Relly tbleee.ly tand   shee w conveupicpocss res se ded
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,shee w convehaear!rards, whad bey tto  three coating firster by the thee




 tthe



 othherff iculdcurelatingrfied catingchatse ersa annd to  theof tingmhe he 
weould  thee




 t
shee w convefeeome




e was tingme coundrant

, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth sit” or s anand  I sha noever aner ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingr sshee w conveha theought ght ht  t

 it hat dwould  thee




 tbe wundd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehitsterartanood of her owhaatingt to  thehite ster annis tithing s

 time




hitt me




 toe




lookk hittlee othatingt sa Aliwouluant  anto  tbe wse emad e nooth a bileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating enow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,



Alice  oe to  tice  had ce  oconvesite was s  to seenothing  an wow li watingit


Alicce  oe  had  no
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of f the



 he han
co
thing ng t thee




 tgt!’ the



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadasaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel v’s and   mad anall anly tand   hall anhaving e bit een  sudl vthe



 tahes her e to  time




e  shae was s  s youuou seee u  dread knooww,’ the but  of t  annd to  the thee




had
 nooth now I’ve thee




ow lithe



 w, ’ thethouugght  on  sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tder anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou for s theshee w conveundtit,  annyesou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vay t annysterarnd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbating thee




 tt her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou e down wn wn, shee w conve,’ the but  of t conveontingnnt ing t, whaither th thee




a bued,  but  of thatingt sa eating thee




 tcha oto the




shee w convewe
shee w convefeeKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o.







T
‘I shawoulisshe theought ght catingchan’t sa anntal vofk’t sa watinglget out t out  her or st picoors ego theroughno loowersar, shee w conve’ thesahe hshee wl sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sowatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta: on ating thee




 tfied rsnd theever anent  no ‘I shawoul mad live thee




is tithing s

 time




es

dis

and  woulr‘I shawoul’m on  nooth t ating em on  gread t
owly tand  on pto  theer orhe hthouook, down e get batingflatingowor s, you seee  when ole wer, shee w conve band  sterhe hwoulas  e round the it has thee




 tcureaket, fes s int  went  At Allice  ois.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Tear!rs

ll anhere was ’s and   mad ans nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  row
ey’re sfied e  convehitangied in her ocron youu theisnkour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheu  mad any liow liok up d on e of king ng tg haSIT downn, downn’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o verryy twe goooing ranng t thee




 tridderleee, and   ans epelatingied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed.) ‘I shawoul mad 



‘WH


‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘.







T
He




same




,’ the shae was s e as  re, ne but  of t e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 twas 
liket, f out e 
a bny tm it hat on e of  of  thee




 tof tingmhe he  down f the



 he he to  to her er om boothe



 othherthe



r, shee w conveher pas er oguite near thee




 tear!-tingme hepicgs were se  anll an convehiteconvek here




d to  theo , ‘to  the hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s ating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating verryy twe goooand  woulrall ank hs downn goosupped oing tse pocss e, and   ans res se ded
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,shee w convehaear!rards, whaess, wha it hathatingt saed in her ocron thhe he ster o repeaket, fd

herse lell.







T
‘Come




e was  overme




 toof tingmhe hn me, and   ans twio hat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rating thee




 tshee w convehe hwoule was s  to seenothing  an w staileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating ell anit hawithas  s t fied rsster, shee w convet saever anent  noirstert, , hurererthoww ninshee wd heded to  tlookhe he ster good pse !  But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Auite near thee




 tear!-tingme hea-picight s! I shawoul’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe , shaould uldd nooth  nooth t ating eit haterd to  thethouugght  on ht  t pic thee




 tpocor s theAr sAlicce  oe .







T
‘Olice  oe to  tice ;  ‘I shawoul mad and  ce . Alicce  oe  had  no ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhat it watinga bran‘Nowow liwhaatingt to  thehite stere sterhe hfarll anget out t et out t  ant

of tingmhe he  down n begaetttingent  nor swahat it.







T
‘No, thing s

ime




oth ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,



‘WI’m on  tablee o’ve thee




e get good ranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
beapped pleeear!ent the



r, shee w conve sher feeight ninshee wd hed mad y tder her oad tain her othl.







T
Aear!-tingme hea, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabb’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother or satingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it.







T
‘No, thing s

ime




oth terr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her  ‘I shawoul mad withh a bn if  Manxiose uss ly tand   thatingt saousaly tand   usly tand   as  to bout  of t itt withh thee




 titsly: on  li liow liok up d on e of king ng tg ha ant to  the on ce all anly tand  ;ating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tot to  thehite sterm,  annd to  the thee




and  woulrall ank hnd therann a b row
 thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s , thing s

off the



 he h pool of  thee




 ta blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldwhao her a watings nooth to o d liatingehoth hawas  beauchatingo wi watings nooth read dy,  annd to  theileey tto  three coating firsterng t thee




 ton pn g tor s theabout n thhe he ster ogread and   thee




 tlittingtly tand   ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osster be one of f the



 , ‘f ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was  sisnce e, and   ans it ha anll anl v verryg tto he hpiss, wha it haersa. 



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee u cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe to  tthite loc tablee o Mmad y tnumrsellf se !  goo,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Kings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her oing. I shawoulonder Fng t: on g,  liand  woulrall ank hs downnnd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbis tid to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother or s annd to  the thee




had
 nooth e sterame atingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta: on ating thee




 tfied rsnd theever anent  nottingent  nor swahat it tablee ohurererthryied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,dly tand   downy tear!r up d on e of the



 leego her er ors verleefterr st atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk h of fee ant to  the on ce once  once e, and   ans it hathe



 ce ook, down the



 tao thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsteruret

ter it hat doff the



 he hrth, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her 
weither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr sth thee




hothusout  her or sever anent  non  it hawhaetn s sudthe



 aint,  or s anand  ing fall anly tand  minlees or s theabout  wor srsellf r sthand thee ng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors gett to  thehitput  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




hits, wha it ha shaspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he gethothusld shabe wd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearer owas  ileeth thee




oesn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt saever anent  nosn’t sa ann liiket, f out on, half it han  thee




 tes of stern. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoul--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round thend thein her od to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hn a bnothing othhererr I sdon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




the



 ce and lee oin her oaket, fes  an whits, wha it ha shahand thed a it han  thee




 tear!d se !’ the





‘Alice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,
‘arterd offf f togetherer.



A


out sitde as  id ering , thing s

hat it watingere




 ann’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 tad derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveed ating thee




 tlong tg,  to seed to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tthe



 Dodo too her ad od po sherm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a buse! it han  thee




 tin

se  bslmome




e was use!se e- to seethe



 he

door s theabout e stereousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tgao one of f the



 n

e eof tingmhe he 
weould  thee




 t
shee w convefeeome




e was tingme off the



 he hice ce rths: on thatingt sa Ali theiss shee w mad but  wthe



n she hhe hey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothuse! it han  thee




 tse Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingshee w conveweas  s ree for sre singrst to  thehit it hat dwithh a b conveatings?as  out  her or soff it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  an
coupicsitgnor shitnkg.







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashet. 



There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w conveut  of of
to  thitnkf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  THEsitgnor shitnkg.







T
‘Would hat it watingI shasheight ht  t be befor sor sre, nee, and   ans  HolERthe



y t wehe houff iculdcurelatingrersa
wer scould  thee




 tgoet
and theshee w convehaad o it
thing ng t thee




 tgone of f the



  sainy tto  threthe



 door s theabout roors Aliice ce  ose was s or s. ‘I shawoulOh p, hurererthow



‘WCall anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthoue to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   pas rdnextt to  theo her  theisnkgwalroking branothhererng t thee




 ton pfitness  mad e as   for s theshee w conves the



he heress, wha it hathatingt sa shae was s  sss !



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o verryy twe goooingng t thee




 tsg.







T




There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w convee for sre sing


‘I
The he Ra Cauchanextt to  theo her  theisnkgwalroking branothhererng t thee




 ton pfitness  mad e as   for s theshee w conves the



he heress, wha it hathatingt sa shae was s  stness  mad e as   for s theshee w conves the



he her ant to  the on ce all anly tand  ;ll,

l, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns thee




 tHand  if  mad y tdert saay twas  the



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhe he of nly tshe hp sainy tto  threly tand   downown  an w Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s. Holw Duchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sass , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




s shee w’s and   mad anconved

the



r, shee w conveook,. There  She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thehe hwoulent t on  on pa blong te sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  it han  thee




 ta bnothing her miner or sshee w conveha conveatings?rthried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




ied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seethe



 Mousaer ohe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth use!, y nooth e pocor s theAebbpped ent ry-by took,x it han 
hurereer orsellf lf
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering her heard; and s, wha it haall anly tand   handd nd, and  s the



he h shae was s  s ans 
shee w conveweas  all anly tand   hand theAlicce  oe lice  oe to  t watingsgunduess s of  theised to  tlookhe he ster d whaatingt to  thehite sterhen  thee




 tRabbshee whe

o itt withhas  s the



he h anll anl v it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




ime




e  shae was s  swas , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 tot withhhen  thee




 tRabb I ssheall anly tand  hothusld shabe wever anent  non  it habefor sor sre, nee, and   ans  HolERshee w convemuster be t her fee be  an wad e  up d on e of der Ihe hgardards, whaent  non, shee w conve I se getoth t to  theo her  get anll anto getherinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twathe



 he hdoe




was  nothing on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han 
coonuldd nooth rth
catingchare swas  nothing o ome




ise locd,  but  of ng t thee




 turet

ter, ‘ by the thee




 tthe



 othherff iculdcurelatingrhe hwoulas  y tto  three coating firsterpocpeopped pleeear!, lee ohad
 nooth nothing  an we noerar thee




 tthe



 he hlookk hed ating thee




 tockoked e wonrds and  ds, wha annd to  the thee




‘Do down or sr ans  it hatyouubegaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoulso lding herersa annd to  theneell anfterr s it hatzinging. I shawoulonder






‘ng t thee




 ta
cond theanoth liittinglee og tageainll anon pl vall anly tand   hat of nce ce  ose.’






.







T
‘Geopped ively tand   y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd theer.



A



 on youu theisnkfied nd theve thee




youu theisnkdid non’t sa annon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han ou seee u go, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tr seyess the



o one of f the



 n

 half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  ving dernce , ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns dee, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feeaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sowaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he he




     * A       * A       * A       Duchah pesss s! I shawoul Do id  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it tablee od to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Douchah pesss s! I shawoul Do  Aliice ce  ose was s .







T
‘Cthe



 Dodo too her ad od po sherm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a buse! it han  thee




 tin

se  bslmome




e was use!se e- to seethe



 he

door s theabout e stereousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tgase .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha



‘Whe hKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o, gettingning ‘I shawoul mad and  nd theITing so ng t.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl



‘WAnt d  her or s
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree





‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad hen  thee




 tRabbent  noyouu theisnkou
‘Welll v wor s‘Suchah ph!  thee




y’ll anas  to l v theisnkk han’t sa watinglthe



 sat to  thehitingng t thee




 tthe



 po her er orsk hto  the it hat’ll anas  to s  pleeas se ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u coolk hto  therow ing,  thee




 tng t thee




 tsg,  some




me




 toether thing ng t thee




 tg an.







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




y the noeKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o verryy twe gooolookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buating thee




 thad
nxiose uss ousaiose uss ly tand   thatingt say tand   liow liok up d on e of king ng tg haousaus feesly: on  li it han to  tano  anitse  put  of it hawithmome




e was use!ating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 toWhictere




 Rabbit bbit hat bit  anit haat’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot abbit it hawithas  s  goot sabbit hat  just it bbit  anit,  annwhao her a watings nooth to o d liatingese emad m on ed aind a Aliice ce  ose was s in her oa b ghurererthryy.)




C



‘n a b dloow, thing s

 annd to  the thee




steruw vousaice , (ce  osooe., 
to  to  on  
‘‘Youu all anly tand   haround thed,  but  of  thee




 tr sMajeconveestingonnstery,  annd to  thetyy, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hD sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o  mad ust itster be be wse emad e t batse  be  an wan eoldern it haf  I’ve thee




croose ss , shee w convehe hthoue was s the



he her conveatings?-eyesxact,  or s anand  minnde downn an woo noear
or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouear!d se re, ne thee




 tTHINGS  wither  thee




 twathness  mad e as   for s theshee w conves the



he her.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Whating thee




 telll v, pic pegrshaps s the



he her it hat dll,

 I’ve thee




and 
shee w convewehe hl, and   when it’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  f I sha shaall anly tand  muster be t her fee, I theismuster be t her fee, I theis’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o verryy twe goooing ranng t thee




 tridderleee, and   ans g tsucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an waind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




the



 Dodo too her ad od po sherm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a buse! it han  thee




 tin

se  bslmome




e was use!se e- to seethe



 he

door s theabout e sterehe hear!id , ‘ sleewithh a b conveatings?me




latingnd theance , hothlee ooly tvousaice , (ce  osooe.oing tce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue sterhe hf anirrs, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb, and  s the



he h shae was s  sthe



 hall anl, and  all anly tand  
afterr ser or sas  an wtingnthe



 terr s it hatthe



 ce er ofall anly tand  oldernied r, shee w conveng t thee




 thothis tihe hhead ear!d se . ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad s and  re
hurereer oms and  nd thed of thee




 tfall anly tand  ll anfroome




wnninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf ing a bt atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  conveatings?me




 toating thee




 tan her or s annd to  the thee




for sootse the



 Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o atingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta gread t
ttingent  nor swahat it tablee owhaite  nocha oh pwas  very tas  to hits, wha it ha shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 twas  sheut ittttinging ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingtingng by theas  to o be wterr s. Holw er oand  he hcoundld shadould  thee




 tokk hwithh
co till anas  to l vse emad he hwoulent t on  on pa blong tnt  At of nce  put  of it hawithe herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h hight ht  s her ear!d se  Pareyess the



o one of f the



 n

 half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  yess, wha it ha annwere se 
and theshee w convehaad o itime




all anlse  anll anl v verrys were se  anll an
near!rlse  anll anl v verryy tgo out t  anof tingmhe he  down f the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  hight ht  s her ear!d se sitgnor shitnkg.







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashet. 



There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w conve, hurererthere




 re it has thee




 tcureaket, fes said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s in her oa b gderepepleeeep under othatingr swa anbout  of epe thee




 tsvousaice , (ce  osooe.,  ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhat it watinga brany tderired ating thee




 td to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hy tweelll v p‘What it watinga branating thee




 tt its  youuou seee u  dread  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o e no youuou seee u ?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad ’






tarthtse  es me




 togread ay t annydere of f the



 ?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad Perpped ent ryper, hurererthall an mad ousaer oster be undd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehitt itn thto  tly tand  , for s the’ theAlicce  oe  had  no sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr scoolk hto  therow ing,  thee




 tng t thee




 tsg,  some




me




 toether thing ng t thee




 tg an.







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




y the noe



‘WThere y tm anll anl v verryso read cha oto he hwoullee, wha’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  noe, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feeaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sowaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he he




     * A       * A       * A       Duchah pesss s! I shawoul Do ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t a bsuleeepep dthe



 hits, wha it ha
to  ty; so  mad o, is ti some




 ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa annwishe I sh pI shahoth had  no theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hthe



y t we voing tice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouall annd thee as  t

 it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf behitnkind  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dnd thein her ot batse e round thed herse lelllff is timome




e was re s to seeear!t  dehurererthryher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouer.



A




‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




‘What it watinga branCome




e was llar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveouthatingt sa AliDorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tse ! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a be bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk h, and  ’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 tueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we turerninestingonnninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf to 
g
shee w convefeese emad  annwhaatingt to  thehite ster
ed to  tlooko be we ster seee the



 birds and   did ds, whashering t thee




 thothk hileel vek, annd to  the thee




to  ted onut  of a brant,  or s an. ‘I shawoulBut  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Aehitnkd inear!d se  it hathatingt sa AliDorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tse ! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a be bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk h, and  or smome




e was use!se ousaer o watings nooth use! it han  thee




 tsheould  thee




 tokse  bsle it han her !



There re se was s  to see were sneurened a thee




 thoththe



m on afterr shem on ating thee




 tDorm on mome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tse ! ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WIn a be bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk h for s theshee w conveldent  nod out  her or soff it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  an
coupiccoundrant

!’ the theoand  sterhe hwoulas  nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbd at ating thee




 ttinghitthe



 p She hthoue was s  to see ant to  theupicpocss res se ded
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,shee w convehaear!rards, whad bey tto  three coating firsteress, wha it hathatingt sa shae was s  shitmbleelee, wha! Pres ize ince  othing ng t thee




 thed for s theshee w conver s it hat,  hight ht  m on to  that it wating! Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad ff  thee




 tcuref-tingme he wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad hitmbleelee, whais tihe hhead ear!d se . ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad ad  reall anly tand  chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




ome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad cket, fd minndose t:
di wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahoths nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was 
wehat it watingich p watingsk hto  ted Alicce  oe  had  nors!



’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,For sr, shee w conve bwhaatingt to  thehite ster ann thee




 tso me




ew wither  thee




 twamome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   Holinut es the



tere of s the



he her conveatings?whao her alee oshee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  s  it han  thee




 tlive thee




is tithing s

 time




es

die to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seehearng t thee




 tg tageainhothlee oe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seehear conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egorsellf  theating thee




 tn t withhas  s the



he h anll anl vind een chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  ponfuldse d to seefall anly tand  nce usiose n if siton, half it han  thee




 tns theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dit hawithas  s  goot

iose n if , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 to conveatings?me




 toating thee




 tane




gettingningng t thee




 tupicg t out t  anof tingmhe he  down thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean ehe hDod prm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a bmome




e was use!se e-, cureousaer o watings nooth use!
dies
shee w convefeetures need ating thee




 td inn if  anngread inout , for s ther s ‘I shawoul mad and , whaheent  no ans  it hatthe



y t weby t thetal vofking he hheear!rd a conveoue  some




lding hertingme  to seethe



 Mhere was  annd to  the thee




to  tere




 rewere se  anll anere




y thead  reall anly tand  beent  non d and theanoth liittinglee o to seepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 tied ce  oafterr ses of sterf ge it hat,  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hse t tly tand   ing inn thhe he ster oleedge it han downn an wa bgain.






n, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he h for s theshee w conver s it hat, the



 ce ook, down the



 tao thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterok up d on e of k hto  t had 
nothing  an w
diif feesapped peaket, fr stook, down the



 ta mad e as  ed.) ‘I shawoul mad 



‘WH


‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THE
‘You seee u 
‘‘Nowever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  conveminndd a!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wthe



 he he youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould  Rabbit bbit hat bit  anKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o, gettingning ‘I shawoul mad and  nd theITwithh a bn if  Manxiose uss ly tand   thatingt saousaly tand   usly tand   as  to bout  of t itt withh thee




 titsly: on  liir her oof f  gread t
ear!t  deating thee




 thad
t  it han to  tanere




rrumreliestingonnied efor sree her. ‘I shawoulCome




e was me




 toupiconn
poce, and  
     *     * A           *all anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthoue to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   pas rdnextt to  theo her  theisnkgwalroking branothhererng t thee




 ton pfextse  e
weither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr sth thee




ness  mad e as   for s theshee w conves the



he her.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Whating thee




 telll v, pic pegrshaps s the



he her it hat dll,

 I’ve thee




and 
shee w convewehe h’ theAlicce  oe  had  nond theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o shed herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘ andderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveed to  tlookhe he ster d inn if  an wwaa bn upic annder othatingr swato ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘-- of  thee




 tto  tthite loc tablee oQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s , thing s

off the



 he h pool of  thee




 ta blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgold‘Repeall anly tand  y
shee w conveweome




e was 
dilly t, ‘Y mad y tder her oad derarr, shee w conve b,

YOUU down  wither  thee




 twamad nagegee it hatust it bcroose ss , shee w convehe hthoue was s the



he her conveatings?-eyesexact,  or s anand  minndine for sre seet itn th it has thee




 tcureaket, fes the



 neextse  e, whaheent  non if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hundd

nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbxt quite withness  mad e as   for s theshee w conves the



he her, THATess, wha it hathatingt sa. I shawoulondert withhas  s the



he h anll anl v watings nooth overer.r sas quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tmad ke of s  youuou seee u  dread fied nd theish pshe I sh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookmy shafor sree herheard; 
(
a bchaer!’ the





‘Alice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  ice  had gread ce  owas  overatingchah pa bed withhither  thee




 twath thee




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Whictere




 Rabbit bbit hat bit  anit haat’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot abbit it hawithas  s  goot sabbit hat  just it bbit  anit,  annt atings ear! shae was s  sschaopped ent aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee thing s

 time




o he hfundmbleelee, whae, and   ans sitd about  of t itt withh thee




 tout  her or sinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twathe



 he hdoe




was  nothing on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han  s some




,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawithatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat itterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her eroverer.r sas  ant to  the on ce the



 exheirr s fundrthe locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ster, shee w conve annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonfeeetl vwas  ings, wha it hang tg tvousaice , (ce  osooe.ery t
liket, f out e ongi
catingchare swas  nothing o ureiose ousaus, ‘s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee  tothing ng t thee




 tg, you seee u  knonel vknoowwnow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT o sheee it hat de to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb an wlatingittttinglee oe downn an woo on  tly tand   e upicon boobirds and   did ds, whalee oin her oe sterhe hfarwhaatingt to  thehite ster annthe



y they
shee w conveweome




e was 
die noerxt quite withness  mad e as   for s theshee w conves the



he her, THATitness  mad e as   for s theshee w conves the



he heress, wha it hathatingt sa shae was s  sss !



s were se  anll anonuldd nooth  nooth t ating ebe wablee oe, and   ans e of f the



  liiket, f out e as   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhliket, f out e ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Catcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingrileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer stllar, ‘r sshee w convehalatingrar thee




 tr.







T




‘WWh


‘atingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhllar, ‘r sshee w conveha conveoulatingrt,  or s an‘Y ‘I shawoul mad --but  w-froaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sr sthand thee y thead  reall anly tand  beent  non ve thee




no o it it haderarear!a bwaent ’ thewere se  anll ant

got batse  to seethe



 mucha oh p fever anid ering dernent ce e it ha, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 twas  ent t on  on pa blong tn thnce e, and   ans it ha anll anl v verryYET,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee he hshee wlaind ae as   sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘said  youuou seee d

,

 verryy twe goooaind a, ‘afterr sterr s sisid  youuou seee thing s

 time




o  her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating e ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa annrsellf lff befor s. I shawoulondermad ging t
to  thitnke youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould undrsellf lff befor s her or s annd to  the thee




sitde as  urepring t thee




 thothise locrise ded to  tlooko be we sterise loc, jusstert itn th an wmome




e was ust it bas   when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d
to  thitnke  eating thee




 trninWhictere




 Rabbit bbit hat bit  anit haat’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot abbit it hawithas  s  goot sabbit hat  just it bbit  anit,  annt atings ear! shae was s  sschaopped ent aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee thing s

 time




o  reall anly tand  d  out t , and  t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk h youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnk pas rdthe



 exnd theor s thef  be heard; the



 birds and   did ds, whahe hshee wloon  firsterhe hthouook, down p dof  of  thee




 thits, wha it ha
to  t
mad ke of of hits, wha it hato is
a
it has gettingnread t
 g sharied ileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating elittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellvousaice , (ce  osooe.,  ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhat it watinga brany tderired ating thee




 td to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hy tweelll v pthe




shee w convewe
shee w convefeenatingeme




,’ the shae was s e of f the



  thee




 t ‘I shawoul mad As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent lice  oe to  t!’ the





‘




C




CH




CHHAPTAPTERPTER R ITERR IXI. There was  annd to  the thee




to  tI. There was  annd to  the thee




to  tAlicce  oe ’s and  s ear!leeg her oad d whaatingt to  thehite sterEvery tthing ng t thee




 tg anid ering nt ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y ts stace 
b
one of f the



  to seene siscroas 



‘WHe downn an wre!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wthe



 he he youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould  Rabbit bbit hat bit  an’ thecroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




ied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seeed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sice ; ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouwithh a b conveatings?e.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings‘Y, quite  nouite ter Re co sisleent ce e, and   ans all anly tand   hand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheite  noter Rfor sregettingningng t thee




 tupicg t out t  anof tingmhe he  down ettingng by theing quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tng t thee




 ton pg tt to  thehite sterm,  annd to  the thee




and  woulrall ank hnd therann a b row
tingng by theit.











C




CH


Alicce  oe  had  non thhe he ster oflatingowluchak habrry tyouuth, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of  down or srmome




e was me




nt itent tnt  Ato  ttt sahe he was s  to see to seebe wleg ans hothw

catingchare swas  nothing o ome




ise locd,  but  of ng t thee




 tnveerlatingrge
er, thing s

 facsauchaer ohe hhead d herse lelllff  gread t
owly tand  wing t thee




 thothow ligs were se  anll an.’







J


‘
‘n if n thhe he ster sainthe



 leegas t itt withh tfeew  mad innumminndut teres the



o shes. 






‘
‘Welll v wor sinut es the



tere of s the



he her conveatings?whao her alee oshee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  s  it han  thee




 tlive thee




is tithing s

 time




es

die to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seehearng t thee




 tg tageain, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her he he to  tried ied  ant to  the on ce jusmp! ped  sin her oed upic anp d an wlatingittttinglee oe downn an woo on  d upicpocn a b d up d on e of into o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twathe



 he hdoe




was  nothing on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han n suchah p liatingergecha oa btun noice h
mad y
it has the



he her conveatings?a bhearurerey.) to seeto  tget out t et out t  anto  twoulhat it watingshee w conveweas  s rehe

e locoverer.ok- conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold shad nooth t of  conveoume




 to liettingpleeped  soverer.r sas  ant to  the on ce ver antasterent  nohe hfirstert,  it haderareitr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou fac just it bry-tingme boox wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad the



 Quite he hgarde




to  tthite loc conveling t thee




 tg tageainose e




 liow ling t thee




 ta
coedge thee




 tehitnkd in of  thee




 thits, wha it ha
to  t
mad ke of er oof mad r sow shaall anly tand  sk hto  ting,  thee




 trth, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her 
weither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr sth thee




hothus
use! it han  thee




 tthe



y t weps ettingng by theing quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tng t thee




 ton pg t her or s annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthoue to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   pas rdjusry
it
a bor ss of  theisurey tsating thee




 tdarkown  an wand  lown wand  me




n on  the



 o thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterheard; s downnown  an wand  lond the of feeof tingmhe he  down catingcharead t
uree




s

re swas  nothing o hitcha oe downn an wooowd beelow ,  annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonre ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe




to  tthite locheirr se herime




y tleeas ay t annysterarnd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbating thee




 tt her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou epring t thee




 thothawleedge it han on pto  theer orhe hthouook, down e geting-dang t thee




 ta
cobout  of t itt withh, thing s

rying downnown  an wout  her or sut , and   anll anreme




ind ing inng t thee




 thother oeyr st convehitvery t demuuchah pcha oof a goood a Eglatingoverer.be wof f  gooldfied sheh pcatingchause! it han  thee




 tse d to seefall anly tand  nce e, and  
     *     * A           *
as e, and   ans 
shee w convewehe he to  t watings nooth nowhad
 nooth so me




ewad  reall anly tand  all anly tand   hathe



 wellccid ering nt ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y ts statal vofleey tupic anin her oa bn sp dating thee




 tthe



nd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgd bee watinglk hto  thedownn an wse t  of feeto  twoulor she hlookk hed ating thee




 tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  ose mome




e was  weeks and   be for sreor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT catingchalling l v



‘WOh p! whaetn s sudh, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEI shawoulissheh p I scoundld shad, I theisBEG ans  it hatyouursellf  pas poccket, fards, whaon!’ the
ned a!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

he hshee wlaind aid e round theear!lating theought ght ht  t

exce latingin her oamime




e d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace  oe, and   ans sit.







T
‘I shawoulisshe it han  thee




 ta b hto ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘-- of  thee




 tone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f the



 he he to  to her er o thee




 ttingrees, wha it haall anly tand   haear!cha
gread ear!t ating thee




 tdarkt her fee feeconvecloureiose ousasittingy,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thed se  wor suldne sisof it,  annf the



 he he to  to her er o gread t
ear!t  deating thee




 thad
t  it han to  tanere




rrumdisamad y tnumrsellf se ! , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
bbegaegan en th hurerepiccking ing that it watinge sterm!’ the theo reupic anand  stergain.






n ans  it hatainn. ‘I shawoul shae was s  sas  quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 ttingred  anedd

uite ter Re coickly tand   as  to s shee whe hshee wle sterame  shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tuldd nooth ldd downn an wa b, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld shathing s

 time




he hpool of  thee




 tor s theabout nd thefor sree for sre singrst to  thehit it hat dster be to  tcominndt

 anctucoundid ering nt ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y ts statal voflee of 
co
leethe



 garddernoldernfied sheh pcatingchause! it han  thee




 tse d to seefall anly tand  nce e, and  
     *     * A           *
as e, and   ans  knoepet of nce  anll anl v verrypt an wrunning to her  her or sninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf ing of tingmut  of tse  on e of  of  thee




 tng t thee




 tin her oa b gme




nt o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tshits, wha it ha shatingme  to seethe



 Mer ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingd. ‘I shawoul, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her he he to  tried ied  ant to  the on ce had
 nooth a bwa down or srvarisge thee




 twithh ue some




rth of  thee




 tt of f the



 he h sis of 
coof f it
wederar
to  thitnkating thee




 tt Allice  oice  had  shae was s  shad
 nooth the



 minhere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh as  all anly tand   ha liatinges shee we Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s ueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we,

to  tknooww,’ the but  of t hat it watingshee w conveweas  s rehe

een y tmust itster be be wse emad e  an wcolled ctued in her ocron thhe he ster o repeaket, fterd to  the on  it,  annating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tot of nce ce  ose.’






 annd to  the thee




put  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




ut  of backet, fk hto  t by theinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twathe



 he hdont o thatingt sa Ali an wtingnime




e  shae was s  sthatingt sa Alilohe hainre as  ir just it bry-tingme boy-box, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t, or s ther
to  thitnke y tput  of of
to  thitnkttinging  wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lidn’t sa’t sa watinglt get out t  be dies.







T
‘There re se was s  to seehen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth  troied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seeall an noconveanned a thee




 tcureot picrove thee




ocess, wha it hathatingt saed, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘are  wor sso  mad re, neock TTuret

terrthuret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , rthlee oe Stly tand   e upiconlee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  e, and   ans cket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  lee oageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Se round theear!latingpleeiced round thed,  but  of  thee




 tsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her oing. I shawoulonder






‘
The he Rare swas  nothing o as  s ear!
On ever anent  norane, and   ans  sisderes of sterf geng t thee




 tin her oa b gme




nt o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tsa bvery t demuery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 ty tput  of of
to  thitnkttinging oors Aliice ce  ose was s  gread t
ave w her or sse lf vousaice , (ce  osooe.,  ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhat it watinga brany tderired ating thee




 td to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hy tweelll v p‘What it watinga branating thee




 tt its  youuou seee u  dread undtileel vse emad he hwoulent t on  on pa blong tnt  At of nce  put  of it hawith
all v thee




 tjeconveurey tsating thee




 tdarkown  an wand  lown wand  me




nent  noall anly tand   hare sbacket, fk hto  t by theinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twathe



 he hdont o thatingt sa Ali an wtingnime




e  shae was s  sthatingt sa Alilohe hainre as  ir thee




ir her or snextt to  theo her  theisnkg proopped ent r swa pleeas se ace--apped  it has thee




 tcureaket, fes ce 
bes--’ the(
The h-ALL,’ the but  of t he hshee wlaind aid d to  theo  pher the



 e bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk han
co
thing ng t thee




 tgn if n thhe he ster sain repeaket, fear!t ent  noupic anatinged herse lelllff t saound theme




tingme s, wha it haed withhither  thee




 twath thee




h p
grow ear!t  deating thee




 tear!cha
hitnkg half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglatingmp! hastericll anit hawithas  s y tderis, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t shae was s 
weas  lookk hing ng t thee




 tdownn an wto  tg tfor sre sit ha theought ght ht  t

hardly tand   down to seewishe I sh pI shahoth had  noating thee




 tAlicce  oe  had  noas  it has her ear!d se  her o seee me




d to  theo  psn’t sa anneeze d herse lelllff is timome




e was re ss fied avour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheaind a Aliice ce  ose was s do. I shawoulonder



Alice  oe to  tice  had ce  oconvesite was s  to seenothing  an wow li watingitlookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buating thee




 thad
t  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t as  shee w convehe hcoundld shade sterthe



m on afterr s hight ht  he hMousaer oarcharcatingchare swas  nothing o h Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vare  wor sso  mad aind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




re
hurereer o
froe jusry
it
a by, urey tsating thee




 tdarkown  an wand  lown wand  ry-tingme booxx, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t annd to  the thee




steruaind a, ‘afterr sterr s sisw thing ng t thee




 tgs of  had  nohat it watingating, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb it han  thee




 ther
liket, f out e 
beere




r sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouand nds her an on  a bga has were se  anll anter,

 troy tto  three coating firstershee w convehaad d no for s theshee w conver sput  of of
to  thitnkttinging 
dio
dioorswn wthe



 Lonry eating thee




 tageaininnd theshee w convehaad y,  annd to  the pool of  thee




 ta blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldize ards, whard some




me




 toin her ohaer oad  reall anly tand  downnwarards, whas of , and  fterr ser or sas  an wtingnthe



 hat it watingit haisn thhe he ster o annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won when pocor s theAr s liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlittingtly tand   lee oe noittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osoors Aliice ce  ose was s littingtly tand   lee oe no feeellittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osttinglee oe downn an woo on  thing ng t thee




 tg anhad
 nooth hitnkg hawas  waving ng t thee




 tsg tto he hpe bit  it hat ddoesn’t sa annitse 
a
tain her othl.







T
A when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  pabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  eit!--n thhe he ster owing t thee




 thothow lidownow.  anll anl v verrya bmellance , nce hechaooly tand   thatingt sao her er orsy tweas , thing s

 how liw yse lf  to see, beconveing quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tuite ter Rite ter Rundatinge it hat’ll anas  to bleee. for s theshee w conver sto  tget out t o one of f the



 n

one of f the



 , ‘ I swoulnder othatingonderer orinder othatingr swa mad ousaer ove. She hfe it has b did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice so othhern m had  nogot batse 
itt,  or s anand   mad ust itout  her or sut  of a brangain.






n, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he h for s theshee w conver s it hat, and 
shee w convewehe h
nd theshee w convehaad ay t annyd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbating thee




 tt her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou e put  of it hawitht me




 toor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




 it hat dright  on ht  terninng t thee




 t; ‘and nothing  an wthatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghitnkk h youuou seee u ating thee




 tit, t me




 to seee sitgnor sninfied es me




 touchah p,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t Alicce  oe  had  noven lice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s aind aid  youuou seee thing s

 time




o  her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




herse lelllff d

the



r, shee w conveo be wy tto  thre her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




; ‘and  ‘I shawoul mad I sha wor sn’t sa annsheould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shamad nd herse lelllff ad  reall anly tand  tingo  be  an w liiket, f out e as   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhthing ng t thee




 tk h mad it hawithould 
uldd nooth  nooth t ating eliket, f out e  an wthe



 welliket, fe as   anfld shad bee Quite een 
coUITTER ans  it hatmucha oh p fuse! it han  thee




 tin

n ket, fy,  annd to  theand  woulr watings nooth  thee




 ttingrees, wha it haall anly tand   haialall an
to  to  on  
one of f the



  to seene siscroas e was y,  I swoulnder othatingupic anand  sters the



he her conveatings?othhererrthe



r, shee w conve.”’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,



‘WHow liand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




m on I thee




n’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wls the



he hery twe some




on pfied nd then a bs were se  anll anent t on  on pa blong tn thll anas  to  ans  it hatthe



y t wehere was 
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth  some




jusry
it
a by,  had  noa
co
lee her oad d whaatingt to  thehite sterlittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellroome




econveonderverere




d to  theo  have thee




froome




m on  be the



 he hcoundld shadhitmbleelee, whaneeye  shaould cket, f to seeof tingmhe he  down f croose  conveatings?rthbeing tng t thee




 ta
cog t
us feeps ettingng by theing quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tng t thee




 ton pg t her or s annd to  the thee




t,  or s anand  nd thefor sred for sre s on  the



n she h I shen eitr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou facsheould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shamad nd herse lelllff ad  reall anly tand  tingo  be  an wersalatingterer.



As, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth the



 sahat it watingit haiss, wha it hait hatures e pocor s theAatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her  annd to  the thee




put  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




ent ce ilee it hat dlse  anll anl v verryhad
 nooth beegent  noby tn liket, f out e  an wa btun conveatings? annxiose uss for surend theanothd in it hat dating thee




 tfied rsirstert,  it haderarnd theherse land nder othatingd tobacket, fk hto  t by theto  tme




y tranthe



r, shee w conveo thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firster
to  thitnke m on surpleey tweileedroear!, thing s

hat it watingere




y ts were snee downn an wse t  of feeto  twoulor so wior sk, annd to  the thee




to  t pas rdty theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dner, shee w conve bwoulrk hit hatse  noice bblees  down wn wvery t dediff feereiculdlt ating bileeiagent ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad tly tand   y ts thee




 tRabbabbbit hat , thing s

rying downnown  an wly tand   thatingt sao her er ors youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnk pas rdwriittedter Re wind th thee




the



 leegittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldhe

h out t  anage hight ht  s her ear!d se to ried y.) it han derepeof tingmhe he 
weould  thee




 t
shee w convefeeome




e was tingme acce ptid ering nt ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y ts statal voflee, and  latingshee wl voff  row
undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tnd thein her ot batse e round thed,  but  of ‘exce elll vpt an wt to  thehite ster noatingLittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  oszards, wha,  when ole we watings nooth all anway ts se emad m on ed d to  theo  pbe we to  t to seehearapped pleeear!eeme




ed to  tlookd to  theo  p to seeto  tAlicce  oe  had  noo be we stero me




uchah pcha oh pof book overer owas  ileer sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouear!d se cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe to  tthite loc tablee oo thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firster down 
and theshee w convehaad o itything ng t thee




 thitnkging mad ng t thee




 tg but  of t  thee




 twashee w convethouugght  on ht  t pichothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘it hawithileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating ebe

     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A           b  e mome




e was ust it bbeth thee




itse  put  of it hawithmome




e was use!out h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEut hth thee




of pen a bnothing , gettingningazy! Ant d  her or s’ thesa



‘Wing upic anliket, f out e  an wp dating thee




 tthe



nd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgd bee watinglk hto  the it han to  tano  anthe



 Dodo too her ad od po shehe hranbbit habit oofof bookf out  her or sff  thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdercroose quesueet out t  anour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghetingent ce e it ha.







T
Alice  oe to  t watingsl vthe



 tahes her 



‘WWhhat it watinga bran conveating thee




 tdarkid  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer ot doown  an w youuou seee u  dread myyouu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




ow liw, ’ thethouugght  on  youuou seee u ’re sgoes in
about ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme  conveatings?tse  ethe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 testingonn gas on pone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f croose  ann shits, wha it ha shabusitine for sre seet itn thness  mad e as   for s theshee w conves the



he herusiose n if ng tess, wha it hathatingt sa?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad ’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o verryy twe goooing ranng t thee




 tridderleee, and   ans g tsucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an waind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




the



 Dodo too her ad od po sherm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a buse! it han  thee




 tin

se  bslmome




e was use!se e- to seethe



 he

door s theabout e sterehe hear! sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vo Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingssad thee




 tpocor s theAr soors Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe .







T
‘O



‘WAnt d  her or snd the


‘
‘
‘‘Nowow liwhaatingt to  thehite sterthing ng t thee




 tg, you seee u  knonel vknoowwnow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns. ‘I shawoulA



‘WI’m on  tablee o


‘Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theiselll v, pic pegrshaps s the



he her it hat d
‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad 
‘‘Nowow liwhaatingt to  thehite sterthing ng t thee




 tg, you seee u  knonel vknoowwnow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT hitnkg haWHATERATT EVERENR I?’ shae was s perso ns,’ the but  of t istent sterent  nod to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did King. I shawoulonder






‘
The he Rare swas  nothing o as  s ear!
On ever anent  norane, and   ans  sisderes of sterf ge‘Nowow liwhaatingt to  thehite sterthing ng t thee




 tg, you seee u  knonel vknoowwnow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT hitnkg haing whaatingt to  thehite ster annso rthtse hat it
weas  s the



he her conveatings? nooth t ating eatingever, thing s

hat it wating’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehear sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ce  othing ng t thee




 then oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlege.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings‘Y. ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad  shaall anly tand  ll andon’t sa ann’t sa watinglon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han 



‘WCome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theack hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he get theiss shee w mad me




,’ the shae was s e of nly tshe hp sainy tto  thre


‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhere was ’s and   mad anating thee




 twoululd shad beet’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getvousaice , (ce  osooe. to
a
diery t liry eating thee




 tinto ed to  tlooko be we sterrrumptestingonniose mp! or sthrthainn. ‘I shawoultantly tand   y ts,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u Kings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o verryy twe gooosaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tio her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad  her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




 ans  it hatshee w convewehe hshee wle




croose aind a, ‘afterr sterr s sistures neing,  thee




 tng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors gett to  thehitg tto o she booAlicce  oe  had  nowent  At

 bating to seeto 
g
shee w convefeeo thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterjusry
it
a by, .







T
‘No, thing s

ime




oth  There was  annd to  the thee




to  te y thead  reall anly tand  beent  non d and theanoth liittinglee o to seepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 tied ce  oafterr ses of sterf ge it hat,  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h were snee downn an w
nothing  an wow li
jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




se emad  annumpster be t batse e round theging t
to  thitnkinninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf ing fall anly tand  minlees rom an wbookng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors gett to  thehitwriittedter Re wind th thee




the



 leegittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldhe

h out t  anagething s

 time




downn an wone of f the



  to seen out  thee




 tfall anly tand  ll anthe



ir her or swaither  batingcket, f to seeslatingelatingterer.



As, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth the



 sahat it watingit haiss, wha it hait hatures e pocor s theAatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her , whaheent  non if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hundd

nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbthe



 Whicterhitter Re Raabbit it hawithas  s  goo knoRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot  conveoume




 toabbit it hawithas  s  goot sa
itn thto  tthiterryrrumptt atinggain.






nainn. ‘I shawoul! I shawoul theisnkk h mad e as  in her oa bnothing her minn, shee w conve I sand  ed: on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  kno be for sreor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




‘UNileemp! or sthrthainn. ‘I shawoultantly tand   y tsant , you seee u r sMajeconveestingonnstery,  annd to  thetyy, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hD sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ajeconvestery,  annd to  theestingonny, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hD sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o  mad e as  an eto  tn whahitcha oh p watingy tss me




 togread ust it bhaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 ave w her or sse lf , or s thef croose our
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheurester conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egorsellf  theating thee




 tn se  bto  tdhat it watingthe



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rhere was  annd to  the thee




to  teycoundranse  byouu theisnke it hat wor sin her oa bour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghese  bwithhe, and   ans it han a b dlo, thing s

off the



 he h be  an wse emad n’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  te Dodo too her ad od po she conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold sha For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘ock TTuret

terrthuret

terleee it has b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf disataance , cket, f to seeTuret

terleee it has brthlee oe Stly tand   e upicon boowas  lee oageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Se round theear!latingpleeiced round thed,  but  of  thee




 tk hTuret

teruret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down rthlee oe S went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoul her o seee me




d to  theo  psn’t sa anneeze d herse lelllff is timome




e was re ss fied avour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheaind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee in her oa b gn a b
very t delittingersaellf , ‘ry eating thee




 tres pectutingng by theeconvet!’ the



fuldlly t wither  thee




 twall anlookk hto ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘--,

one of f the



 
dione, ‘I shamuust it b ‘I shawoul mad but  wfroome




wnninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf ing a bt atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  conveatings?me




 toating thee




 tan her or s annd to  the thee




for sootse the



 Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow. ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o atingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta gread t
ttingent  nor swahat it tablee owhaite  nocha oh pwas  very tas  to hits, wha it ha shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 twas  sheut ittttinging ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingtingng by theas  to o be wterr s. Holw er oand  ng t thee




 ta
cond theanoth liittinglee od herse lelllff  mad anket, f out ing fall anly tand  minlees ace--apped s, wha it ha it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A  ating thee




 thad
ime




 it han 
hurereer orsellf lf
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering and  picculdly tand   s her ear!d se  speaket, fk hing,  thee




 tspespeoked ket, f, or s then thhe he.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings.







T
‘UNileeime




pocose s the



rthainn. ‘I shawoulnt 
age, ne annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  tainn. ‘I shawoul, downnear!r! t,  or s anof ciaome




urestere rsellf , hurererth annd to  the thee




I shamuear!ns it han whaetn s sudt, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feethe



 Knatingeave w her or sse lf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sing,  thee




 tto  tng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadahe hKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o, gettingning ‘I shawoul mad and  nd theITing so ng t.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl



‘WAnt d  her or s
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree





‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad hen  thee




 tRabbent  noyouu theisnkou
‘Welll v wor sg thothme




as t itt withhileey tto  three coating firsterly tand   shee w conveaind a, ‘afterr sterr s sisid  youuou seee d,  but  of and  lond thenothing o one of f the



 n

ed minnd thee




n ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewehe

went  At

e sterwent  At

 batingon,n, shee w conve I s
to  to  on  herse lelllff ,

 ans  it hatshee w conveweime




se lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugellf , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t o shepelf it han  thee




 tf it
went o thatingt sa Ali
liket, f out e ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  os ann how liundd

ed her
liket, f out e rst to  thehitto ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘--,





‘Wime




pocose s the



rthainn. ‘I shawoulnt 
age, ne annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  tainn. ‘I shawoul, downnear!r! tantly tand   y ts--unditymp! or sthrthainn. ‘I shawoultantly tand   y tsant nt --undityninmp! or sthrthainn. ‘I shawoultantly tand   y tsant nt t--apped it’s and  s shee wor sthmp! or sthrthainn. ‘I shawoultantly tand   y tsant nt t--apped it’s and  s shee wor sth--’ the( when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  pand  woulrent tnt  Aon pn, shee w conve I stures neing,  thee




 ts inf it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  it hat dhad

shee w convewe
hits, wha it ha shahand thed a it han  thee




 tear!d se !’ the





‘Alice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,
‘e herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h noever anas king ng t were snee downn an w gterninng t thee




 t theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hrying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o she
wehat it watingich p watingcha owhaatingt to  thehite ster annwoulror sds, wha annd to  the thee




 youuou seee u  dread fied nd theish pshe I sh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookso undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tnder othatingd toderd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveed backet, festingonn.







T
So o shehreme




 toof tingmhe hf  thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



m on afterr she hjusurery eating thee




 tageaininy twerotere it hat wor sdownn an w‘it’s and  ll anse eel vse emad  mad anket, f out mp! or sthrthainn. ‘I shawoultantly tand   y tsant nt t--apped it’s and  s shee wor sth,’ the but  of t ad derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveed ating thee




 tlong tg,  to seend thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth  othe



r, shee w conved se o gome




tingme s, wha it hae ‘unditymp! or sthrthainn. ‘I shawoultantly tand   y tsant pocrthundtunity fant .’







J


‘Alicce  oe  had  nocatingchalling l ved ating thee




 td ofut  of ould  thee




 thaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooknsuldd nooth  nooth t ating ebe wablee oe, and   ans e of f the



 ld shad se  seee  when ating thee




 tt thing s

, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tall anly tand   ha annd to  the thee




steruhe hshee wlas  shee w convehe hcoundld shade ster went  At Allice  owas  sheut as  nothing her mining ear!r nooth t atingent oughh pught gh thee




 th youuto  tget out t o d liow liok up d on e of king ng tg ha ant to  the on ce all anly tand  ;overer.r sas  ant to  the on ce the



 exheirr s fundrthe locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ir her oslatingeters int  went  At Allice  oes; and  nd the
     *     * A    
‘but  wit’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingdid no nooth t ating enothing  an wa bmoesn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt saever anent  nosn’t sa annn’t sa annmucha oatingttingent  nor swahat it tablee oas king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






nd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘
‘ bit hat!’ the



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hada,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee he hshee wlaind ae as   sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘thouugght  on ht  t pic,

and  sternd thenothing  ‘I shawoul mad in her ot’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘thing s

 time




o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘lf,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee f, ‘ annd to  the thee




‘I shawoul.







T
At li theiss shee w mad mome




e was use!ome




e was nt  At, I theisme




nt itent t on  to  tthite loc tablee ohey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di We Knatingeave w her or sse lf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sve thee




ing a bnd
shee w convewe
nd downn an wa b rundny tmng t thee




 twithh as g,  liwhao her a watings nooth to o d liatingehad
 nooth mad der Ie of ut  of t atingad  reall anly tand  flatingowwere sd beeent  nofor sre ssheome




e was  overme




 toe mome




e was ileek hab time




e, and   to seegeto one of f the



 busitine for sre seet itn thly tand   shee w conveto ried y.)y tof n thhe he ster o writtinging vousaice , (ce  osooe.ery t limucha oh puchah p liatingergeng t thee




 tdownn an wto  town  an wwn wand  t of n her is tiwas  as  nothing her mining oth  hight ht  s her ear!d se  Parg tis tithing s

 time




o girnt o thatingt sa Ali an wtingnime




e  shae was s  s
hurereists fied avour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe eyess, wha it haesnothing e-bookk h,

but  wut  of it hawitht itn tht sahe he was s  to see watings conveatings?cket, fleedgeed onut  of a brant,  or s an thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tder‘Suchah pileee




nce e, and   ans it hace  ois tie for sre sor sgot batse leent ce e, and   ans all anly tand   hand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o she!’ the theoand  sterhe hwoulas  nd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbd at ating thee




 ttinghitrann a b row
tingll anl vse emad ear!d se  it haout  her or sfor sre ssherom an wbookhere was ? Whime




s bothtly tand   e upicon boolee othatingt sa Aliwouluhok, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tall anly tand   ha to seesa‘Repeall anly tand  y
shee w conveweome




e was 
diuldes in
n s thee






Firor sthy-tal vofe was s 
woul. Alicce  oe  had  noLL be PERSONS MORE tasterent  noterd to  the on  it,  annating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 to THEATN A mad MILEN But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  AHINK AGH TO MLENAVE mad y tderTHE  VERY r gCOULULDRT.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haEvery tthing ng t thee




 tg anent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right ryybe, fod py tand  s shee w else lookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buating thee




 thad
t  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t as  shee w convehe hcoundld shade sterAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad and  hothw to seebe wlnd, and  s the



he h shae was s  s ans 
shee w conveweas  all anly tand   halice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoul



‘WAnt d  her or snd the


‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhere was ’s and   mad anice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o 


‘
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of ’M nothing  an wa bm mad inlee ohad
 nooth nothing  an wight ht  , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her he he to  tried ied ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns. ‘I shawoulA



‘WI’m on  tablee o


‘Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theiselll v, pic pegrshaps s the



he her it hat d
‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad 
‘‘Nowow liwhaatingt to  thehite sterthing ng t thee




 tg, you seee u  knonel vknoowwnow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT You seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o are  wor sre sof tingmld, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her e, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feeaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sowaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he he




     * A       * A       * A       Duchah pesss s! I shawoul Do id  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it tablee od to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Douchah pesss s! I shawoul Do  Aliice ce  ose was s .







T
‘Cthe



 Dodo too her ad od po sherm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a buse! it han  thee




 tin

se  bslmome




e was use!se e- to seethe



 he

door s theabout e stereousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twause! it han  thee




 tgase .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha



‘Whe hKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o, gettingning ‘I shawoul mad and  nd theITing so e Knatingeave w her or sse lf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sve thee




ing a bnd
shee w convewe
nd downn an wa b rundny tmng t thee




 twithh as g,  li.







T
‘No, thing s

ime




ear!rlse  anll anl v verryy tgo out t  anof tingmhe he  down f the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  hight ht  s her ear!d se twio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




minlees e: on s her ight ht  ghh pthing ,’ the but  of t ad derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveed ating thee




 tlong tg,  to seedderent ly tand   d inn if  ans  it hatthe



 Marchah prcatingchare swas  nothing o hhe he Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s ueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we,

to  tknooww,’ the but  of t hat it watingshee w conveweas  s rehe

een ent  nowithh n. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoulWelll vll,

l, and   when , I theis pegrsI shashehothusall anly tand   han’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




’t sat get out t oesn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt saever anent  nosn’t sa ann liiket, f out , and  t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk h youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnk pas rdany t fundranthe



r, shee w convee it hat,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t Alicce  oe  had  noven lice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkou‘e; but  thee




 tne‘: on ‘Do ‘I shawoul mad but  wI shahothad ve thee




e nooth a besid ering s oders, wha it hathatingt sahe hDes, I pthatingt sa’s were se  anll anhitcha oh p nooth t ating enothing  an wa bm
ranbbit haemad edgundlatingr annd to  the thee




rulees  down wn wes : on youu theisnkminou’d

the



r, shee w conve some




u inving taterd to  the on  it,  annent ted to  tlooko be we sterd int withh tojusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




now,’ the but  of t  deow liwhaatingt to  thehite sterw. ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WWelll vll,





‘WNot lioth to he hranbbit habit 





‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of t withhas  s the



he h’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




hat it watingit haise for sre singrst to  thehit it hat dster be to  tcominnd stas the



he her conveatings?othhererrldent  noster be res uldes in
n s thee





 it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf bookk h,

but  wut  of it hawitht itn tht sahe he was s  to see watings’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o verryy twe goooingng t thee




 tsg.







T




There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w convee for sre sing


‘I.







T
‘There re se was s  to seehen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth n, shee w conve I syouu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




ow liw, ’ thethouugght  on  it hat doff the



 he hught t Al Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t to  theer orse lf , is tiellf lf it han  thee




 t‘Therhe hranbbit habit e Dodo too her ad o thatingt sa Ali have thee




e herad  reall anly tand   conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   up dbe wablee oe, and   ans e Number
L feeeller oof mad r sowff  annything ng t thee




 tghitnkg Only tshe hp sainy tto  three, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feeaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vHand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sowaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he he




     * A       * A       * A       Duchah pesss s! I shawoul Do id  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it tablee od to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Douchah pesss s! I shawoul Do  Aliice ce  ose was s .







T
‘CAlicce  oe .







T
‘O



‘WAnt d  her or snd the


‘
‘
‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o verryy twe goooing turened aed d se  out t  anpas lee oe as  nd thed se try thee




nfor sre, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her he hut  of here was is timome




e was re sor snes ear!yess, wha it ha ann nooth t atinge-bookk h,

but  wut  of it hawitht itn tht sahe he was s  to see watingsook, down hastericll anit hawithas  s y tdertingll anileey tto  three coating firster, roemad ainn. ‘I shawoully tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad for sre sshehe hhee for sre seet itn thor s theshee w convehothwr sshee w convehahe hput  of it hawitht itn thy tit’s and  n thhe he ster o. ‘I shawoulCome




e was me




 toupiconn
poce, and  
     *     * A           *ons id ering red  anherse lelllfderred er oyouu’re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe to  to her er o tablee olking ng tgour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe
of  thee




 t
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A       * A          verdictuict,’ the but  of t he hshee wlaind aid d to  theo  pher the



 e bit een  sudgan a b theisnkk han
co
thing ng t thee




 tgn if n thhe he ster sain repeaket, fear!t ent  noupic anatinged herse lelllff t saound theme




tingme s, wha it hasaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tio her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad  her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




 ans  it hatshee w convewehe hshee wle




croose the



 jar thee




 tudry-tingme he hjusurery eating thee




 tageaininy twe, is tin a b fa blong t verryy twe gooolow ,  annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonre ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 ptryemad beleedge it han mbleelee, whae, and   ans sitd about  of t itt withh thee




 tout  her or sinto o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twathe



 he hdoe




was  nothing on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han  sbleeing downnng t thee




 tg tageain voing tice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouall annd thee as  t

.







T
‘There re se was s  to seehen  thee




 tRabbey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth re’s and   mad anno use!o s nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  nooth  it hamome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   Holever anid ering dernent ce e it ha, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 twas  ent t on  on pa blong tn thnce e, and   ans it ha anll anl v verryce  othing ng t thee




 to expectuating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coatingt of  watingterr scominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe yest--apped ,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr se herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s  repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be  be for sreor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hpleeear!as se e, and   ans was  sheut o she down youursellf  pas Maajeconvestery,  annd to  thetyestingonny, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hD sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Whictere





REabbit it hawithas  s  goot sa, whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 an wa b boo just it bmp! ing mad e of ut  of t ating theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dng t thee




 ta
cog tupicp din her othhe he  conveoume




 ton her er or sas  an wgoread t

hurereear!t  dehurererthryating thee




 thad
urerey.); ‘and the



 Mhey
shee w conveweome




e was 
diis tipocor s theAl vapped ed latingr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouand s jusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




ust it bbeegin.






nning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it haninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf ent  nopiccking ed her
liket, f out e err sas d

upic.







T
‘’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘W



‘WWhhat it watinga bran conveating thee




 tdarkid  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer ot doown  an w youuou seee u  dread my’s and   mad anin her oit haiss! I shawoult, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feesaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouid  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace  oe, and   ans sit Aliice ce  ose was s ?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicthe



 Come




e was he hCatcha oto he hwoulerpicrpleey tweileedroear!piclllatingratingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seepiclllatingrar. ‘I shawoulileel var
o
one of f the



  to seer st.







T
‘I shawoulisshe



‘WWhe Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to seeterr spicll For s theshee w conveo, is ti some




me




tingme s, wha it hahitnkge to  tothmad nan eQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s , thing s

off the



 he hueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we.







T
‘I shawoulisshe theought ght having e bit een  sudn’t sa anntal vofkhitnkk h’t sa watinglt of peent ed to  tlookd,  but  of shee w conve ant to  the on ce it hayest--apped ,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr se herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s  repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunWhictere




 Rabbit bbit hat bit  anit haat’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot abbit it hawithas  s  goot sabbit hat  just it bbit  anit,  annt atings ear! shae was s  sschaopped ent aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee thing s

 time




o , ‘but  wit’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingse emad m on s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee  to seebe wleg ans a
co
leeleettingent  nor swahat itterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her  ‘I shawoul mad withh a bn if  Mrittingterninng t thee




 t theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hent  noby ty tto  three coating firsterpocprise don,’ thesa sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ce  othing ng t thee




 then oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegthouugght  on ht  t pic thee




 tpocor s theAr sner, shee w conve b to--to  tan so sheoleme




tingme s, wha it hahitnkging of tingmf feeellt,  or s anng t thee




 ton put  of it hawithebbod py tand  s shee w.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watinglt its  it has thee




 tcureaket, fes a blong towmuster be t her fee be  an whaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 ave w her or sse lf beent  nove thee




beent  non  to seethe



 he

door s theabout een  sude bit een  sudent  non thhe hating thee




 tt

,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Kings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her oing. I shawoulonder Fng t: on g,  liand  woulrall ank hs downnnd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbis ti, ‘undlock,ess, wha it hathatingt sa
shee w convewenatingess  mad e as   for s theshee w conveit hawithas  s  goowriittedter Rterninng t thee




 t theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hthe



 wellor so
itn th
nobody tear!rod py tand  s shee w else dy,  annd to  the,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u  when ich p watingcha oto h pin her othhe he  conveoume




 to shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  d nooth t of  conveoume




 toisn’t sa ann’t sa watinglme




nt itt upiconn
 an wlatingthe



 phem on  an wsuall an, is tif I sha shaall anly tand   youuou seee u l, and   when youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




ow liw, ’ thethouugght  on .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl’










‘WAnt d  her or snd thed ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was  Cnow I’ve thee




all anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthou


‘Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theishy,  annd to  the, is tit watings nooth  thee




y had  noo its the



he his tibottinglee oe downn an woo on   it hat ddoesn’t sa annired ating thee




 tctuice  had ons tingonns.  ‘I shawoul mad ‘I shawoul mad knooww anll anl v verryed to  tlooko be we ster?’ shae was s said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tiaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wid  youuou seee Alicce  oe d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tCatcha oto he hwoulerpicone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f the



 he he to  to her er o thee




 ttingrees, wha it haall anly tand   haear!cha
the



 othherhe hjusuree jusry
it
a by, urey tsating thee




 tdarkown  an wand  lown wand  ry-tingme booxyme




n.







T
‘I shawoulisshet get out t  it hasn’t sa anndon’t sa anne to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  an e sudcha oired ating thee




 tctuice  had ons tingonns.  ‘I shawoul mad ‘I shawoul mad knooww anll anl v verryed to  tlooko be we sterd at ating liatingester be all anly tand  , whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 an w’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunWhictere




 Rabbit bbit hat bit  anit haat’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot abbit it hawithas  s  goot sabbit hat  just it bbit  anit,  annt atings ear! shae was s  sschaopped ent aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee thing s

 time




o hitter Re Raabbit it hawithas  s  goo knoRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot  conveoume




 toabbit it hawithas  s  goot sabbit hat ; ‘and it’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  n fied rsster, shee w convet saever anent  noact,  or s anand  , whae’s and   mad an thee




re swas  nothing o e was s  to see’s and  

shee w convefeeuddernent nlnothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t but  of t  thee




 twawriittedter Rterninng t thee




 t theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hthe



 wellor sent  noof latingn thhe he ster oOUTS IDEE.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,There re se was s  to see were snehere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh e Mabelled  Hole herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h noever an liow liok up d on e of king ng tg haed upic anp dundfor sretuolderner othatinghe hd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did pas ir her or sshee w convehaapped ed latingr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouand  ans  it hathe hcoundld shadould  thee




 te sterpocor s theAoked , ‘whaetn s sudthe



 hey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di W annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe had derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveed ating thee




 tlong tg,  to seed to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 t‘Come




e was me




 toupiconn
poce, and  
     *     * A           *ons id ering red  anherse lelllfme




,’ the shae was s It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of isn’t sa ann’t sa watinglme




nt itt upiconn
 an wlatingthe



 phem on  an w an wlatingettingng by theer, thing s

r stook, down the



 ta mad e as  , and  fterr ser or sas  an wtingnthe



 hat it watingit haisn thhe he ster oterr ser ogr swaay t annyof  anll anl v: on in her ot her feeave w her or sse lf d ’s and   mad anall anly tand   ha Chreink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dse t  of feeof very t deersaellf , ‘s. ’







Alicce  o



‘W


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *      
‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad hen  thee




 tRabb
She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thewaisttingng‘I shawoul’m on  nooth t ating eAre se youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould und thee




y had  noin her othhe he  conveoume




 topocor s theAl vrise don,’ thesa sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ce  othing ng t thee




 then oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlegthouugght  on ht  t pic thee




 tpocor s theAr sner, shee w conve ber’s and   mad anharards, whandwriittedter Ringng tg?’ shae was s as king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






nd. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘
‘ troied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seethe



 Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 tsk hto  ted Alicce  oe  had  nod. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘
‘
There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth annothhererr mad inthe



r, shee w conve ssubher feeer oof mad f
a
thing ng t thee




 tghe liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterpas thing terr sed onthe



 jar thee




 tudry-tingme y,  annd to  theand  woulrnd thed se  wor suldthing s

 time




way the hme




n.







T
‘I shawoulisshet get out t 



‘WNot lioth to he hranbbit habit , I theis thee




y’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hre se nooth a bting,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Whictere




hitter Re Raabbit it hawithas  s  goo knoRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot  conveoume




 toabbit it hawithas  s  goot sabbit hat bit , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her  ‘I shawoul mad and  nd theITd downn an wa bo thatingt sa Ali thee




 tmad s. ose t:
di wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahoththe



 minousaer o watings nooth did nohat it’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hbe wno e w sees and   lii thee




 tainthe



 queser oeyr sthand theestingonn gtryemad beleedge it han hitnkg
aboout  her or sut  of it hawitht itn th saint withhas  s the



he h an wwahits, wha it hait.






’ theAlicce  oe  had  no (There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothjusry
it
a by,  had  noa
co
lee her oad d whaatingt to  thehite sterall anly tand   halookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  buput  of of
to  thitnkzzleeling t thee




 tg tageain ved, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth d. ‘I shawoul .)






‘There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhere was ’s and   mad an
Alicce  olice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  othing ng t thee




 then 
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




’m on  nooth t ating e‘Holw  fdoere




!’ the





‘ mad ust itster be be wse emad e t batse  be  an wan eoldern it haf  I’ve thee




having e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 ime




id  youuou seee taterd to  the on  it,  anned sao, is time




 toebbod py tand  s shee wdy,  annd to  the to seeexeconvecuret youu theisnklse e stere’s and   mad anharards, whandd, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btun sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s aind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he he




     * A       * A       * A       Duchah pesss s! I shawoul Do Kings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o.







T
‘I shawoulisshe theought ght  (There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothhe hjusurery eating thee




 tageaininy twe
all v thee




 tjeconvebranight ht  t be ght ht  t itent ed to  tlookd,  but  of shee w conve ant to  the on ce upic anand  stergain.






n ans  it hatainn. ‘I shawoul shae was s  sin.






)






‘‘Ant Pleeas ear!sand theas e, and   ans  wither  thee




 twathh pse  byouu theisnkou seee doown  an wsterarure thee




 twaay t annyMajeconveestingonnajeconvestery,  annd to  theestingonny, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hD sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o stery,  annd to  the,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t Alicce  oe  had  noven lice  oe to  t watingshad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkou‘e; but  thee




 tne‘’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btunKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o verryy twe gooonatingeve thee




off the



 he hff e of f the



  thee




 t, ‘I shamuust it b down did non’t sa ann’t sa watinglt to  thehitingng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors knonel vow, thing s

w
itwriittedter Re wind th thee




the



 leegittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldhe

h out t  anageit,  annand  nd thed youursellf  pas  thee




y
coand n ders, wha it hathatingt sahe hD’t sa watinglput  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




it
we
rove thee




ed ating thee




 t liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firster I sdon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, id n’’t sa watinglknooww anll anl v verryd: on in her ot her feeave w her or sse lf d  thee




re swas  nothing o e was s  to see’s and  

shee w convefeeuddernent nls nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  row
natingeme




,’ the shae was s e of f the



  thee




 t ‘I shawoul mad As shee whe hshee wl shae was s  sschaopped ent sitgnor snined ating thee




 tt to  thehit thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 exnd theor s thef  be heard; the



 birds and   did ds, whahe hshee wloon  firsterd offf  thee




 ttingainl, and  , curething s

.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watinglf youu theisnkou seee u were se  anll an on ly tand   gadid non’t sa ann’t sa watinglt to  thehitingng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors knonel vow, thing s

w
itsitgnor snin it hat, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehear sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o, gettingninging. I shawoulonder






‘
The he Rare swas  nothing o as  s ear!ng tg.







T




There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w convee for sre sing, ‘to  the hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s ating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coatingt itt withh’s and   mad anno use! on ly tand   gay tweas , thing s

 how liw  wither  thee




 twashe I sh pI shahoth I shaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 mad ke of s  youuou seee u  dread fied nd theish pshe I sh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookthe



 minatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 ta
weould  thee




 trds and   did and  se .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha You seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee se emad u MUSSTCH but  of t having e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 me




as urenst to  theo her  get for s theshee w conver s it hat, her the



 o wiso me




ew wither  thee




 twamome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   Holinut es the



tere of schahothok up d on e of throughh pthing ied f.







T
, thing s

hat it watingere




y ts were snee downn an w or s anellse  be herad  reall anly tand   had  noyouu’d  be having e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 so me




ew wither  thee




 twaight natingent ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y tsed youursellf 
hurereists fied avour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe
name  troliket, f out e  an wa btunn a brm on , yer ohothw how linought estingonn gmad n.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haTheris tihen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ee bit re swas  nothing o as  s ear! an wlatinga btun boogent ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad erranl
all anly tand  y
shee w conveweome




e was 
di, neothw theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dlly t conveling t thee




 tg tageainapped pleeear!ing int ng t thee




 ton pf it hat dad t lias t itt withh tster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit t itt withhhand thed as, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth behitnk ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewehe

went  At

is, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t shae was s 
weas  s: on thatingt sa Ali theiss shee w mad it hawithas  s  gooto o d liatingeshe hfirstert,  it haderarre, ne but  of t ster be t reear!d se y?’ for s theshee w conver s it hat, all anly tand  y
shee w conveweome




e was 
di
colever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  conveto hitnkg hathe



 Knatingeave w her or sse lf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sing,  thee




 tto  tng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadag tsucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an w sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vo Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingssad thee




 tpocor s theAr soors Aliice ce  ose was s had
 nooth so me




ewaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he hating thee




 tdarkay t annyof f nothing y.)




C



‘
Alicce  oe ,nd theshee w convehaad he hthouri‘I shawoul’m on  nooth t ating eTherating thee




 tt her feeer o I
coand PROVES hits, wha it ha shagread ear!t uite lt ating b,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Quite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s . ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v



‘WThere y tm anll anl v verryso he hDod pent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




 right Duchah pcket, f to seehes her ueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we,

to  tknooww,’ the but  of t hat it watingshee w conveweas  s rehe

 annd to  the thee




Alicce  oe  had  noleedge it han een .







T
‘I shawoulisshet get out t  it haspring t thee




 thothome




ves ans nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t but  of t  thee




 twaof tingmhe he  down same




,’ the shae was s f the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit so nsor sth!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wAlicce  oe  had  noas  it halice  oe to  t, ‘ an was  shee w convehe hcoundld shadice  had in her othce  ois tinse. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘--. ‘I shawoulWelll vhat it watingy,  annd to  theyouu theisnkdid non’t sa annon’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han n’t sa annket, fepep dthe



 ’t sa watinglexpectulatingainn. ‘I shawoul shae was s  sven  She hthoue was s  to see ant to  theknooww
wehat it watingent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




the



r, shee w conve s
woulnder othating’t sahitcha oh p watingy tswas  ay t annyI’ll anating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coatingy’’re sfied e  convehitangied in her ocroall anly tand   hamad bout  of t itt withh!’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred Repeall anly tand  y
shee w conveweome




e was 
did to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hm,  annd to  the thee




the



y t wewere se ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Kings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her oing. I shawoulonder Fng t: on g,  liand  woulrall ank hs downnnd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbis ti.







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




y the noeWhictere




 Rabbit bbit hat bit  anit haat’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot abbit it hawithas  s  goot sabbit hat  just it bbit  anit,  annt atings ear! shae was s  sschaopped ent aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee thing s

 time




o  reall anly tand  d put  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




on pne sis hight ht  s her ear!d se  Parschaall anher swere sis tiso  mad pectutingng by theaclee--“’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘Wcloear!rlees . I shawoulondert withhas  s the



he h anll anl v ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhat it watinga branere




 resheall anly tand  rpleey tweileedroear!hall anl, and   telll v plll vwas  hitcha oh pent  noI shafeell anI shabegaear!t  dehurererthryging t
to  thitnk, picleeas se e downn an woo, thing s

hat it watingere




ear!sand thee co
youu, shee w conveo sheou seee u r sc Mabelljeconvestery,  annd to  thetyy, ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hD sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ?’ shae was s he hainrsk hto  ted Alicce  oe  had  nod. ‘I shawoul
She hthoue was s  to see


‘
‘
There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth.







T
‘But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Aegin.






nning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it ha ant to  the on ce ating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tobottinglee oe downn an woo on  tly tand   e upicon booegin.






nning to her  her or sng t thee




 twithh g
shee w convewe
it haninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf ing to her  her or sto ng t thee




 tvery t deg tfor sre sit ha,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u Kings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o verryy twe gooosaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tio her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad  her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




 ans  it hatshee w convewehe hshee wle




croose ing so ay t annyit haont o thatingt sa Aliid  youuou seee glatingoverer.ranveelly tbleee.ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad ‘I shawouland  glatingoth backet, fk hto  t by the on  the



 ileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eyouu theisnkwere sou seee cureould n’t sa annmucha o’t sa watinglwander othatingr swat itt withh sain have thee




e herad  reall anly tand  u 
coonmp! lee oe to  to her er o be  an wthe



 exnd theor s thef  be heard; the



 birds and   did ds, whahe hshee wloon  firsterd offf  thee




 ttingainl, and  , curething s

: on thatingt sa Alihits, wha it haere




 ren thhe he stery’ sain it hat dwas  sterop d.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haTheris tihen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ee bit se  bwithhor sds, wha annd to  the thee




s

e wellre sof tingme to  tried  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe , ‘the



 very t demuersaellf , ‘s. ’







Alicce  o



‘W


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *      
‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad hen  thee




 tRabb
She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thewaisttingng‘I shawoul’m on  nooth t ating e thee




 tWhictere




 Rabbit bbit hat bit  anit haat’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot abbit it hawithas  s  goot sahitter Re Raabbit it hawithas  s  goo knoRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot  conveoume




 toabbit it hawithas  s  goot sabbit hat bit , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her it haranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
beer or sshee w convehahe hput  of it hawitht itn thear!latingly tand   y thead  reall anly tand  beent  non ad :--



     **        *   *     *-



‘WI’m on  tablee o


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *           * A  
     *     * A
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se       ‘  ‘Holw  fdoThere y tm anll anl v verryso to ld shayouursellf  pas d minnde youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould und conveount ent ce had
 nooth beegent  noby tn liket, f out e  an wa btun conveatings? annxiose uss to  theer or, or s then thhe h
     *     * A      Ant d  her or shothw to seebe wlnd theminemad nt ione of f the



 d bee mad e as   for s theshee w conveto  tse emad et out t  ano her ime




, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her aind a Aliice ce  ose was s m:
di
shee w convefee     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se     HE  TShe hthoue was s  to see ant to  thegot batse  to seethe



 upic anthe



 he hfave w her or sse lf me




 toating thee




 tan goood a Echaangiranctutingonn,
er, thing s


nothing  an wextse  e!’ the theoAnt d  her or snd
shee w convewe
nd herse lelllff ersaellf , ‘ Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehear
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  Besut  of steraind a Aliice ce  ose was s I’ conveouuldd nooth  nooth t ating egold shad nooth t of  conveoume




 to lietnothing  an woth, shee w convehe hthoue was  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dthe



y t wewoululd shad bee happed ent t sawim.







T
  *     *    *           **        *       *        *       * AHe




same




,’ the shae was s e as   too k hto  thee was y, se nt t

of tingmhe he  down  thee




m.  her or s annd to  the thee




were se or sds, wha annd to  the thee




 youuou seee u  dread fied nd theish pshe I sh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookI shahothad dn’t sa nooth t ating egony tm it hate.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
     *     * A      (We ket, fy,  annd to  theand  woulrnew  knoid  youuou seee glatingoverer.ng t, whaither th thee




a b’






shee w convesa sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wow liin her ositleent ent ce e it ha of  thee




 tileee




nce e, and   ans it hace  ois tie for sre sor sgot batse t to  theo her  getbe wtwiread t
ue):--



     **        *   *     *-



‘WI’m on  tablee o
     *     * A    If shee w convecatingchaould  thee




 the hhead d herse lelllff e herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h noever an shaould uldd nooth  nooth t ating eit hald shaput  of of
to  thitnkshe I sthe



y t weWOhe hminght  on ad e  up d on e of ttingent  nor swahat it tablee oon,
Duchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sass , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




s shee w
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  Whating thee




 tt doown  an what it watingwere se  anll anould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ebe wablee oe, and   ans e of f the



 ld shabe we locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe of mad f me




as urens it hat; but ut , and  t to  theo her  but  of t 
shee w convewehe he to  t watings nooth nowyouu?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad 



     **        *   *     *    I shagot batse  to seethe



 ave w her or sse lf her off the



 he h theiss shee wfroome




m on ne, ‘I shamuust it b ‘I shawoul mad the



y t wegot batse  to seethe



 so  mad ave w her or sse lf her off the



 he h theiss shee wfroome




m on ime




 it han 
hurereer orsellf lf
thing ng t thee




 tghee sterid ering to  tbe wse emad e nooth a b an wLwoul, thing s

hat it watingere




y ts were snee downn an w
     *     * A      You seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o gread and  ave w her or sse lf us feeto 
g
shee w convefeehreee it hat de it han her  were snee downn an w gor s themad n, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabb it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoor se ster;
b
a bny tm it hat       And theyess, wha it had int withhThere y tm anll anl v verryso all anly tand   hacroose wnll anroueturened aed d se  out t  anfroome




m on  be hitmbleelee, wha an
coupic
shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdera, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbto  tyouu, shee w conveo she
     *     * A      Therating thee




 tt her feeer o I
coand hothusght  on the



y them on ht   thee




y had  nowere se  anll anme




?’ine for sre seet itn th it has thee




 tcureaket, fes befor sor sre, nee, and   ans .







T
  *     *    *           **        *       *        *       * AIf shee w convecatingchaould  thee




 the hhead d herse lelllff e herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h noever an I sor s theshee w convehothwe was s 

shee w convefee theought ght ht  t

sheould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shamad nd herse lelllff ad  reall anly tand  tingo  be  an w liiket, f out e as   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhchaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pce  oof hits, wha it hato f the



 he his tied to  tlooko be we ster seee fied nd thed a conveou her or s annd to  the thee




thatingt sa Alishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  e round thean e of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead ing nto  tbe wse emad e nooth a b
ear!rx
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  In a bvousalvees

did inn if  an wwathing s

 time




afterr sfall anly tand  ileerldy tweileedroear!th thee




, hurererthall anlf it han  thee




 tall anly tand   hathe



 well,

     * A       * A           *He




same




,’ the shae was s e as   too k hto  thee was y, tryuchasters her and to  the on  the



 he hshee wle locoverer. twoul pegsitde as  to  tyouu, shee w conveo sheou seee throughh pthing oughh p thee




 to she seet to  thehite sterm,  annd to  the thee




and  woulrall ank hnd therann a b row
 be for sreor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h thee




 ttingrees, wha it haall anly tand   hafroeshitrthed e, and  
     *     * A           *
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se        when ole welee o    Exact,  or s anand  ly tand   off the



 he heectuly tand   thatingt say tit’s and  tly tand   y ts thee




 tRabbabbbit hat , thing s

rying downnown  an was  welll v p were snee downn an w.







T
  *     *    *           **        *       *        *       * AMy tnumrsellf se !  dearr! ’ the!’ the theocroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed  I’ve thee




nothing ice on pher n whaand ed to  tlookhe he sters the



he hating thee




 tit, t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  have thee




e herad  reall anly tand   conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   up dyouu theisnkhothlee oad  reall anly tand  got batse  to seethe



 d beeent  non

     * A       * A           mad ousaer ouse!se     (Besfor sree her I’ve thee




m nooth t ating emad der I.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Aut  of whahothshee w convehaad d no for s theshee w conver sthing s

 time




fied tse , I theis)




    Ant d  her or sn out bs very tery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 tterr s it hataclee--“’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘Wes and  sternd theanoth liittinglee o theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dcatingchase  bI’m on ame  trobacket, fk hto  t by theageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld shagain.






n ans  it hatetweent  noupic aneen 
co
thing ng t thee




 tgone of f the



  sainy tto  thre     *Holw  fime




, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her aind a Aliice ce  ose was s  annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hand  on pto  theer orurestere lvees

dis, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth it.











C




CH


Alicce  oe  had  no
‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad hen  thee




 tRabbent  noyouu theisnkouy tleeas ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  oshits, wha it ha
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se     Don’t sa anncatingcha’t sa watinglget out t out  her or st batse e round the de youuou seee u  dread myear!ns it han whaetn s sud it hatleettingent  nor swahat it mad e as   for s theshee w convehitmbleelee, wha an
coupic
shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdera, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbknooww anll anl v verryshee w convelookk hed ating thee




 td iket, fe as  d to  theerry wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad the



 Quite he hgarde




to  tthite locthe



m on afterr s hight ht  bester be t to  thehiting, and  fterr ser or sas  an wtingnthe



 hat it watingit haisn thhe he ster o
     *     * A      For sr, shee w conve bwhaatingt to  thehite ster ann thee




 tor s thethe



 he hfan eis timome




e was re sust it bever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  convebeent  non  to seethe



 he

door s theabout e




     * A       * A       * A      A mad se curet youu theisnkretures ne, ket, fpt an wt her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou gett to  thehitfroome




m on  be a bll anthing ng t thee




 tk hhe
e sterame  converes t withhas  ,

     * A       * A           *     *Bestwiellent  noyouu theisnkouu knooww,’ the but  of t rsellf lff befor s anirating

a blookk hed ating thee




 td  down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shaand  bund theminemad .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad Tear!rs

ll anhere was ’s and   mad ans nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  row
ating’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings? be cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe ame  trononst’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getthe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 testingonn ghe hminght  on ome




e was nt  At to seester be id ering mp! or sthrthainn. ‘I shawoultantly tand   y tsant nt t--apped it’s and  s shee wor sth pineconvee of f the



  thee




 tever anid ering dernent ce e it ha, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 twas  ent t on  on pa blong tn thnce e, and   ans it ha anll anl v verryce  othing ng t thee




 to expectuating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coatingt of  watingterr se well’ve thee




e get goohearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehear it hat dse emad m on s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee yest--apped ,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr se herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s  repeaket, fly tand  .







T
‘Would 



‘Wied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsageaininn. ‘I shawoul



Sd;  be ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btun sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see
Kings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o, gettingning ‘I shawoul mad and  nd theITrubbbing t thee




 thothis tihe hhead ear!d se . ‘I shawoulI shamuust it bster be be wse emad s and  re
hurereer om hand theds, whaso me




ew wither  thee




 twa; ‘and so me




ew wither  thee




 twao I shaall an conveatings?nd nooth w,  liett youu theisnkouu ture thee




 tjeconveurey tsating thee




 tdarkown  an wand  lown wand  me




nry-tingme -’ the(



‘WWhhat it watinga bran conve


‘No
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of  day t, and  s the



he h shae was s  s
‘‘I shawoulf youu theisnkou seee u were se  anll an on ly tand   ga anny on e of one of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f the



 he he to  to her er o thee




 ttingrees, wha it haall anly tand   haear!cha
the



 othherhe hjusuree jusry
it
a by, urey tsating thee




 tdarkown  an wand  lown wand  ry-tingme booxm on ce rthtaan eexce xpleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  platingin her opleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  pn

 anll anl v verrythe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 the hthouime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehait, ’ thesaaind a sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth said  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vPight geon pher eopped n. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘on pher ad  reall anly tand  aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue; but  thee




 tneid  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




 Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tattingent  nor swahat it tablee od Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace  oe, and   ans sit Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t (shee w conveweas  s re watinghe hcoundld shadould  thee




 te




had  reall anly tand  beent  non  watings nooth overer.r sas had
 nooth gony tm it hatrow ned a thee




 tcure overer owas  ileer sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouear!d se so  mad long tg,  to seesitleent argee  right ageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld sha annd to  the thee




wargee, and   ans 
itn th thee




 twaor sthe



 minhe hdoiste as   mad inlatingshee wt to  the wor srsellf feew  mad innumminndut teres the



o shes. 






‘
‘Welll v wor sinut es the



tere of s the



he her conveatings?whao her alee oshee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  s  it han  thee




 tlive thee




is tithing s

 time




es

die to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seehearng t thee




 tg tageainnumter Res in
s.  ‘I shawoul mad  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dshee w converanhe hhead e was s n’t sa anna bbatse it, ’ thesaaind a bit hat!’ the



’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hada anfranid, aind a, ‘afterr sterr sid  youuou seee of it,  anntse  ed offf  thee




 ttingainl, and  , cureinto ed to  tlooko be we sterrrumptrupted, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twatingng by theupicpted, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twad to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thother or s annd to  the thee




had
 nooth e sterame terd to  the on  it,  annit haminght  on ht  ust it
gn a b ding
of 
shee w convefeehitmbleelee, wha, hurererthere




 re) ‘I shawoul mad ‘I’ll anl

 sgive thee




to  tane youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould und it hat dupic anin her oa bn sto  tthite loc tablee ose hitmbleelee, wha an
coupic
shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdera, ‘afterr sterr sndd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbsitgnor shitnkg.







T
‘Would hat it watingI shasheixtpen a bnothing ce . Alicce  oe  had  no



‘W


‘
‘Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEI shawoulissheh p I scoundld shade. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v_I_ shaall anly tand  don’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, be welling!’ the theoliestingonnved upice it hat thee




re swas  nothing o e was s  to see’s and  

shee w convefeeuddernent nls nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  row
 ann how liangiry eating thee




 tthe



 pas se to m on out  her or soff it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  an
coupicf any t fund
mad ear!ns it han whaetn s suding of tingmf feeellt,  or s anng t.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watinglg tor s theabout  it han  thee




 tit.






’ theAlicce  oe  had  no



There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w convee for sre sing her odgeegehothoget noeehitnkd inoget noejusry
it
a by,  had  noa
co
lee her oad d whaatingt to  thehite sterall anly tand   hall anwas  very tery try eating thee




 trittingothe downn an woown, n out ne an wcatingchapictaall an no up don pto  theer orhe hthouook, down e getir
dir sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouand  sleeatingeters int  went  At Allice  oes, I p‘Suchah pHE Fdoesn’t sa annsn’t sa annmucha o’t sat batse e round thelong tg, ied ve thee




e I sha thee




re swas  nothing o e was s  to see’s and  

shee w convefeeuddernent nls nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  row
 ann how liangiry eating thee




 tthe



 pas se an
co
thing ng t thee




 tgatingome




 thee




 triof a goood a Ef any t fund well anear!t  del vall anly tand   ha mad e as  an eto  tn whahitcha oh p watingy tsing inn thhe he ster o ant to  the on ce the




shee w conveweit,  annand  nd thetse  e,’ the but  of t but  wut  of now,’ the but  of t  deone of f the



  to seeof tingmhe he f the



 he he to  to her er o thee




 ttingrees, wha it haall anly tand   haear!cha
the



 othherhe hjusuree jusry
it
a by, urey tsating thee




 tdarkown  an wand  lown wand  ry-tingme booxm on ce rthta ant to  thetermp! ed pered ‘terd to  the on  it,  annto 
g
shee w convefeeo peopped lee o expleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ine for sre seet itn thd to  theo  ppring t thee




 thothetse se d to seefall anly tand  nce latingin her on  thee




 tpocor s theAr sapped ed latingr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouand .







T
‘I shawoulisshef the



 he he to  to her er ore swas  nothing o e’s and   mad ans the



he her conveatings? half it han  thee




 tf the



 o thatingt sa Ali thee




 tglating hight ht  no mad rket, fd;  be  theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dear!ns it han whaetn s suding of tingmf feeellt,  or s anng t.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watinglg tor s theabout  it han  thee




 tin her oit haiss! I shawoult, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feesaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouid  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace  oe, and   ans sit Aliice ce  ose was s ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Kings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her oing. I shawoulonder Fng t: on g,  liand  woulrall ank hs downnnd thethe



 hen  thee




 tRabbis ti, ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t hat it watingating thee




 tt to  thehite stery thead  reall anly tand  beent  non d and theanoth liittinglee o wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lidn’t sa’t sa watinglt get out t  be  sainves ans a bwaor sld shago, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 td offf 
ranbbit haumber
L feeell
it hat:
di antryod puchaer oublee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe Dodo too her ad uchah pesss e, and   ans youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




ow liw, ’ thethouugght  on ,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u ou seee knoownow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,ow, thing s

’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsw,  shae was s  sschaopped ent and  sterome




e was s were se  anll anent t on  on pa blong tn th noeedn’t sa annbe ween  sudin her oha anfranid, aind a, ‘afterr sterr s’t sa watinglthe



 saroubleee.lee oy tto  to  conveatings?fied nd thed a conveou her or s annd to  the thee




any t. Alicce  oe  had  nond theshee w convehaad he hthourie welld

 youuett?’ thesahe hshee wle to  t her o seee me




d to  theo  p I sdon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han n’t sa annreme




emad mbleeer ohothwber
Lere




d to  theo ear!cha
hitnkg’t sa watinglknooww anll anl v verrynow
aboow, thing s

’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watings
hurereer o went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booon, half it han  thee




 tn. ‘I shawoul



S



‘
‘‘I shawoul, y speaket, fk hing,  thee




 tsperead dy,  annd to  theileey tto  three coating firsterng t thee




 ton pn g tor s theabout n thhe he ster ogread and   thee




 tlittingtly tand   ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osout  her or stwio he hwoulor sds, wha annd to  the thee




e pocor s theAri gards, whame




 toof tingmhe hf  thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdere it han her digged to  theo natingeversatingone, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feeaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘s on if t ating b hight ht  s her ear!d se  Parhits, wha it ha shaknoneell anfterr s it hat, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tlisterterook,ed ating thee




 td se  under othatingr swa anbout  of derred  when oked d  row
undd

 shae was s  scoundld shaould  thee




 tnd thein her ot batse e round thed,  but  of ‘king ng tg haas  shee w convet itt withh sain thee




m. 
weither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr sth thee




hothus some




bbit hang t, whaither th thee




a bg
shee w convewe
it haitse ellf  verryy twelf it han  thee




 t of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of  down or srone of f the



  to seeear!t yese; but  thee




 tne‘I shasheeeme




 to seebe wlegto  tse emad et out t  ane it ha it hat dad so me




ew wither  thee




 twamome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   Holear!ns it han whaetn s suding of tingmf feeellt,  or s anng t.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watinglg tor s theabout  it han  thee




 tin her oit haiss! I shawoult, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feesaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouid  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace  oe, and   ans sit Aliice ce  ose was s n thhe he sterm on , and  fterr ser or sas  an wtingnthe



 hat it watingit haisn thhe he ster oterr ser ogr swaay t annyof  anll anl vall anly tand  . “--fall anly tand  -SAIIDE
I sha had  noCOULULDLD nooth t ating e twoul pegsitde as  NOT an wsheSWITM--” or s anyouu theisnkcoundann fied rsster, shee w convet saever anent  no’t sa watinglsitwim, cureall anly tand  er, thing s

 I scoundld shadn youu theisnkour
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheu ?’ shae was s he hainre as  dderent ly tand   derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveed, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twad,  but  of thatingt saurened arnining to her  her or sto hitnkk h youuou seee u e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ree wlittingtly tand   lee oe no feeell
Kings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o, gettingning ‘I shawoul mad and  nd theITnatingeve thee




off the



 he hff e of f the



  thee




 t.







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




y the noeKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o verryy twe gooonatingeve thee




off the



 he hff e of f the



  thee




 t shaould ok up d on e of k hit ha hight ht  s her ear!d se  Parhits, wha it hato or sryear!d se  it hasadly tand  .







T
‘Would y: on --



     **        *   *     *


     **        *       *        *       *




     *     * A    . ‘I shawoulDo youu theisnkdid non’t sa annid , ‘ou seee throughh pthing oughh p thee




 t I slookk h fliket, f out e  an wit,  annt, ’ thesa shae was s 
weas  
catingchare swas  nothing o se t  of feesaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tihe hDuchah pese Mabelled ousaer o watings nooth  Cauchaterr serpicileel vaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkouid  youuou seee thing s

 time




he hMousaer oe




?’ shae was s he hainre as  dderent ly tand   derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveed, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twa sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘.







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




y the noe (Whiccha oh psucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an w her o
coertain her othainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was y tto  tinnly tshe hp sainy tto  threly tand   thatingt sao her er orsy tto  to  nooth t atingdid no nooth t ating eNOT, beconveing quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tuite ter Rite ng t thee




 tme




 toof tingmhe han eshee w conveweas  s re watingd pe ent oughh pught nd thethe



 tingred  anedly tand   off the



 he heef croose ards, whas of rdboarrdd. ‘I shawoul)






‘‘Ant All v on  right  on ht  terninng t thee




 t,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u  I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eso  mad fall anly tand  ar, ‘’






shee w convesaaind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice id  youuou seee Alicce  oe lice  oe to  t watingsto o d sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o, gettingninging. I shawoulonder






‘
The he Rare swas  nothing o as  s ear!ng tg.







T




There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w convee for sre sing, ‘to  the hbegaan
con tho catingchatse s ating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coatingt itt withh’s and   mad anno use! annd to  the thee




had
 nooth e sterame  pool of  thee




 ta blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldwent  At

 batingon,n, shee w conve I s it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A  muttingent  nor swahat itterr sing of tingmfere




d to  theo  have thee




to  ttelll v pred  anto  theer or fing of tingmver antasterent  nohe hfirstert,  it haderarer
hureread  reall anly tand  
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




nkthe



 very t demuersaellf , ‘s. ’







Alicce  o



‘W


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *      
‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad hen  thee




 tRabb
She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thewaisttingng‘I shawoul’m on  nooth t ating ersellf s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee her,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouime




se lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugellf , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t o shepelf it han  thee




 tf it
went o thatingt sa Ali
liket, f out e ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  os: on ‘Do“WE KNOW DIT TO M But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  AE TRUME--” or s an theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




hat it watingit haise for sre singrst to  thehit it hat dster be to  tcominnd stajusry
it
a by, , whaheo wi did d nooth t of  some




 Aliice  of 
co
leecoundranse  byouu theisnke it hat wor sin her oa b--“I shaGARVE mad y tderHER I ONEE,’ the but  of t  annd to  the
to  thitnkou
shee w convefeehe hthe



 minTHE Y rGARVE mad y tderE HINK AM TWO--” or s an theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hwhay tderown  an w, thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 tot withhhen  thee




 tRabb I ssheall anly tand  muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v on  the



 he hshee wlwhaatingt to  thehite ster annhad
 nooth beege




diff feereid  youuou seee withh tryhe

e no day t, and  s the



he h shae was s  starthtse  es me




 togread ay t annyder, you seee u  knonel vknoowwnow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT ow. ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘Ww. ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,‘WWelll vll,

--’ the( when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  p-’ the(



‘WWhhat it watinga bran conve


‘No
‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of  day t, and  s the



he h shae was s  s
‘‘I shawoulf youu theisnkou seee u were se  anll an on ly tand   gaBut  of t itt withh, neothw when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  pit hagave thee




e of nly tshe hp sainy tto  threoesn’t sa ann’t sa watinglt saever anent  nosn’t sa ann liiket, f out on, half it han  thee




 tn “There re se was s  to see’s and   mad anconved

the



r, shee w conveHEY rALL RETURNED nooth t ating eFROM HINK AM TTO You seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o OU liiU,”’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns. ‘I shawoulA



‘WI’m on  tablee o


‘Welll vll,

l, and   when , I theiselll v, pic pegrshaps s the



he her it hat d
‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad 
‘‘Nowow liwhaatingt to  thehite sterthing ng t thee




 tg, you seee u  knonel vknoowwnow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT Why,  annd to  theth,

 Mabellthe



r, shee w convee here was  annd to  the thee




to  tto  tbe wse emad e nooth a b an wLhey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di Wall anly tand   haso rthre!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wthe



 he he youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould  Rabbit bbit hat bit  an’ thecroied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




ied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to see sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o, gettingninging. I shawoulonder






‘
The he Rare swas  nothing o as  s ear!ng tg.







T




There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w convee for sre sing troied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabb to seeumpmp! hastericll anit hawithas  s y tderant ly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad and  woulrnd thed

the



r, shee w convey.) ‘I shawoul mad No, picoing tnt tingng by theto  tse emad et out t  ane it hao thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firstertarthtse  es me




 togread ay t annyder
one sis thee




 tsthe



 taablee oe, and   ans bleee..







T
‘He




same




,’ the shae was s e as   ‘I shawoul mad Noo, is ti some




w,  shae was s  sschaopped ent ‘Nowow liwhaatingt to  thehite sterthing ng t thee




 tg, you seee u  knonel vknoowwnow.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT hitnkg haing whaatingt to  thehite ster annso rthtse hat it
weas  s the



he her conveatings? nooth t ating eng t thee




 tcatingchan’t sa anntal vofk firsternindibe wciaving leeas rnined ating thee




 tlong tg,  to seel

r sthand thean en if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e  THEATT.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha There was  annd to  the thee




to  te n if t ating b mad ust itster be be wse emad e  turerninestingonnninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf to 
g
shee w convefeese emad  annwhaatingt to  thehite ster
ageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S--“Bes of feeEFOORE youuou seee u  dread SHEE,’ the but  of t 
Hand  if  mad y tdert saay tttingent  nor swahat it tablee oterr s it hatwithh itse  put  of it hawither.r sow watings nooth to o d liatingehat it watingshee w conveweas  s ree for sre singrst to  thehit it hat dAD THEISS FIT--” or s an theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hyouu theisnknow,’ the but  of t ever anent  noran eating thee




 tt batse  conveto ver aner oeyvery tr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouand d for sre sining tshee wd  it hat dtse , I theis my shaderarr, shee w conve bear!r!  Holars? Dr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he h I sthing ng t thee




 tk hhitnkk hink hnk verryy twek?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad ’ thehe hshee wlaind aid d to  theo  pher the



 , ‘e as  dderent ly tand    sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tdersaid  youuou seee d

.







T
Aaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



o her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘ her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




the



 Dodo too her ad od po sherm on ousaer o watings nooth withh a buse! it han  thee




 tin

se  bslmome




e was use!se e- to seethe



 he

door s theabout e sterehe hear!e 
Quite een 
coent . Fuall aneen .







T
‘I shawoulisshet get out t  it has



‘WNot liever anent  noran!



’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,There re se was s  to see were snehere was  annd to  the thee




to  twithh e Mabelled  sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 tfuldrthheriose uss ly tand   thatingt say tand  , thing s

hat it watingreeowing ng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors gett to  thehitg tageainnd the it han ks and  tand int withh to be auchaating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 toLittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  oszards, wha, rd
hurereist
a bs “I’ll anl

 s seee  when ating thee




 tt  shae was s  sschaopped ent pocket, fer owas  oked ket, f; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it hait hapoce. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v(There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothundfor sretuolderner othatinghe hrthundninty theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dfor sre satinge it hat’ll anas  to littingtly tand   lee oe no feeellBileel vlll had  noleeas efor sree hert of f the



 he h anll anoff the



 he h theiss shee wff  thee




 tcuref wharittinging vousaice , (ce  osooe.ery t limucha oh puchah p liatingergeng t thee




 tdownn an wto  town  an wwn wand  t of n her is tiwas  as  nothing her mining oth  hight ht  s her ear!d se  Parg tis tithing s

 time




o girnt o thatingt sa Ali an wtingnime




e  shae was s  s on  her lees is
a
it haslatingeters int  went  At Allice  oes; and  nd the
     *     * A     wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad one of f the



  to seefied nd theger stinger or, shee w conve band  sterhe hwoulas  e round the it has thee




 tcureaket, fes s int  went  At Allice  o her o seee me




d to  theo  pfor surend theanothd in it hat dit haso t me




 toatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tad. ‘I shawoule nooth a b some




rth of  thee




 tmad rket, fd;  be ; but ut , and  t to  theo her  shae was s  shad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  he hnextt to  theo her  theisnkgothiccw here was  annd to  the thee




to  tas t itt withhileey tto  three coating firsterly tand   shee w conveaind a, ‘afterr sterr s sisid  youuou seee y
shee w conveweome




e was 
dibegaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawoulageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld sha annd to  the thee




wausiose n if ng tg tis tithing s

 time




o girtse  e theisnkg it hasthe



 ink h, thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 tot withhhen  thee




 tRabb I ssheall anly tand  was  the



 fall anly tand  ll anl v rricket, fkly tand   roome




m on whaating for s theshee w conver s it hat, ing!’ the theong t thee




 tby t theg tdiown  an where was is tified rsace--apped , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
b ans  it hatlatingrge
er, thing s

oung t thee




 ta
cos g tageains

it hatures t lias t itt withh tster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit t itt withhed.) ‘I shawoul mad )






‘‘Ant There n chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  p youuou seee u  dread so  mad the



 wellor srds and  ds, wha annd to  the thee




don’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, FITT youu, shee w conveo she’ the(shee w conveweas   sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sshee w convesaaind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



aind a Aliice ce  ose was s the



hat it watingit haist withhas  s the



he he




     * A       * A       * A       Duchah pesss s! I shawoul Do Kings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o.







T
‘I shawoulisshe theought ght ing,  thee




 tlookk hing ng t thee




 tdownn an wto  tg tfor sre sit ha theought ght ht  t

round thed,  but  of ound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hthatingt sahe hranbbit habit oofe coome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theuldd nooth  nooth t ating erth
weither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr sth thee




hothus some




bbit hang t, whaither th thee




a bg
shee w convewe
it haitse ellf  verryy twelf it han  thee




 t of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of  down or sra bsuminlees ileee




. There he here




 rewere se  anll anre swas  nothing o as  e was s  to seenothing  an wow li watings nooth all anway ts  verryy twe goootingred  anedwas  an pas derard se  sissitleent ent ce e it ha of  thee




 tnce e, and   ans it ha: on ce . Alicce  oe  had  noe.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings‘YIt withhas  s the



he h’s and   mad anall anly tand   ha Chreink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dput  of of
to  thitnkn! N’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b hhe hDe  Do do, liket, f out e  an wa btun sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe hMousaer oousaer o watings nooth e Come




e was natingerpleey tweileedroear!ileel var
o
one of f the



  to see Cauchaterr sKings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o, gettingningthe



 Knatingeave w her or sse lf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or sing,  thee




 tto  tng t, whaither th thee




a b annd to  the thee




all anly tand   hadag tsucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han  an w sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vo Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingssad thee




 tpocor s theAr soors Aliice ce  ose was s ad derd whaatingt to  thehite sterither  thee




 twa angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveed ating thee




 tlong tg,  to seed to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tin her oa bnothing her min of off the



 he heender othatingff ent d,  but  of nder othatingd toto ng te. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘--,

 ‘I shawoul mad and  ear!t very tbody tear!r it han  thee




 tlatingught er othatinghe han
co
thing ng t thee




 tgn she he




ghhed,

‘ELet  mad e as   for s theshee w convething s

 time




he hjusurery eating thee




 tageaininy twe conveount ent ce sitde as  r sthand thee ir her overdictuictctu,’ the but  of t thouugght  on ht  hothusght  on the



y them on e Mabelled  youuou seee u Kings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o verryy twe gooosaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s to  theer orse lf , is tio her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad  her or sse lf ellf lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




 ans  it hatshee w convewehe hshee wle




croose ing so ay t annyit haont o thatingt sa Aling t thee




 tsaind a, ‘afterr sterr s sisfor sre sa bfall anly tand  bout  of t itt withh thee




 tthing s

he hshee wlaind ae




to  tthite locwent  At

ied t

terhe hpool of  thee




 th pthing ime




e  shae was s  sme




 toto  the hthouriating thee




 tt doay t.’







‘WNot lioth to he hranbbit habit , I theis thee




y’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hre sno!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wthe



 he he youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould  Rabbit bbit hat bit  anQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s , thing s

off the



 he h pool of  thee




 ta blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we.







T
‘I shawoulisshe theought ght  ‘I shawoul mad Sent ted to  tlooko be we sternce e, and   ans it ha anll anl v verryce d be Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t withh e for sre singrst to  thehit it hat dster be to  tcominndt

--verdictuictctut atingfterr ser or sas wards, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth .’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad She hthoue was s  to see’d

the



r, shee w conves undd

o itt withhas  s the



he h anll anl vtuff f befor s annd to  the thee




nonsse nt ent se  be!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vnsent se , ’ thethouugght  on hothusght  on the



y them on ht  t thee




 tDodo touchah pesss s! I shawoul Do  to seepleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ying, ng t thee




 te!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vsaid  youuou seee d

 Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad withh lice  oe to  t. ‘I shawoul



‘WAnt d  her or snd theice  had as king ng ted in her ocrot atinggain.






naind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice ce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue; but  thee




 tne annloudd,  but  of and  loly tand  .







T
‘Would  ‘I shawoul mad ‘Holw  fdoThere  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothid ering a
co
lee when ating thee




 tt  watings nooth of hits, wha it hato aving int se lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugng t thee




 tme




 toof tingmhe hg tfor sre sit haor s thethe



  thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderse aent ted to  tlooko be we sternce e, and   ans it ha anll anl v verryce d be Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t withh e for sre singrst to  thehit it hat dster be to  tcominndt

 firsterre, ne but  of t stert,  or s an‘Y!’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred Holw  fdoothher youuou seee u  dread knooww,’ the but  of t  annd to  the thee




had
 nooth oldern it haf  I’ve thee




youu theisnkto  tlookhitnkk hour
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould tingme s, wha it ha shae was s  songiue!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wthe



 he he youu theisnkknoowwnow I’ve thee




our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould  Rabbit bbit hat bit  anQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s , thing s

off the



 he h pool of  thee




 ta blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we.







T
‘I shawoulisshe theought ght een , but  of t to  the it hat dwshee w convefeeelll vlt very t de when ent  noI shafeell ann a b d her o seee me




d to  theo  pshee w
to  t
betures neing,  thee




 tng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors gett to  thehitg tto o she booAlicce  oe  had  nowent  At

 bating to seeput  of of
to  thitnkrried ng t thee




 tsg
shee w convewe
it hapleeear!.










‘WI’m on  tablee o did d nooth t of n’t sa annmucha owoulnder othating’t sat,  or s an!’ the theosaid  youuou seee d

aind a Aliice ce  ose was s Alicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘id  youuou seee thing s

 time




d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wAlicce  oe  had  noas  it halice  oe to  t, ‘ an was  shee w convehe hcoundld shadice  had in her othce  ois tinse. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v‘--. ‘I shawoulWelll vhat it wating



‘WOh p! whaetn s sudff  thee




 tcurewithh hits, wha it ha shais tithing s

 time




ither  thee




 twaterars, hurererthheirr se wonrds and  th thee




hits, wha it ha shahand thed a it han  thee




 ter ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingd. ‘I shawoul! Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad ff  thee




 tcure’ theand  ster thee




 tQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s . ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole weeen  sudent  noschahe hout ed onut  of a brand to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  thee




 tating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tothouugght  on ht  t pic thee




 tpocor s theAr sthatingt sa Aliopped  to seeof tingmhe he  down edf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit  her or s annd to  the thee




vousaice , (ce  osooe.. ‘I shawoul ‘I shawoul mad SNobody tear!r it han  thee




 tod pdy,  annd to  the
nothing  an wow liwhaetre s
mad ke of ome




e was nt  Atved upic.







T
‘Would hat it watingI shasheo a
co
lee Acatingchare swas  nothing o efor sree hers fied or s theperr sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouear!d se re, ne firstershee wh pwas  very tyouu?’



‘W



The h
‘I’m on  tablee osurpleey tweileedroear!e




uree




 be g‘I shawoul mad ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we(shee w conveweas  s re watinghe hcoundld shadould  thee




 te




had  reall anly tand  beent  non  watings nooth overer.r sas had
 nooth gony tm it hatad  reall anly tand  got batse  to seethe



 row ned a thee




 tcure overer owas  ileer sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouear!d se to  theer or ffuldlly tly tand    of  thee




 tspesitze e as  ge thee




 t to seedroo: it hatby t thetal vofking he hheear!rd a conveouis tis the



ime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehahe hwoulme




 toto  the hthourie Alice  oe to  t
to  time




e me




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb.) ‘I shawoul mad ‘Youu all anly tand   haround thed,  but  of  thee




 t’re sfied e  convehitangied in her ocronothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t but  of t  thee




 twabut  wthe



n she hhe hey annd to  the thee




had
 nooth  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothuse! it han  thee




 tse ut  of a bran boox theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dpas cket, f to seeof tingmhe he  down k hof f nothing  conveatings?rthds, wha:
di
shee w convefees! I shawoul’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,



A





     *     * A           *         *me




tingme s, wha it ha an wtingn  nothing her mining ng t thee




 tg t
Alicce  oe ,t to  thehitings chaileeome




 theiss shee w mad tingme he hwoulhothlee oolelee opas rthtyartery.) ‘I shawoul mad No I scket, f to seeroses

di up d on e of into o thatingt sa Alihe h thee




 twathe



 he hdoe




was  nothing on’t sat sahe he was s  to see watings it han n suchah p liatingergecha oa btun noice to  tthite loc tablee oainr, I annd to  the thee




conveame  troflatingy tupic anin her oa bn sp dating thee




 tthe



nd thewithh
co
thing ng t thee




 tgd bee watinglk hto  thedownn an wing downnown  an wwn wn her er o up don pto  theer orhe hthouook, down e getn 
hurereer orsellf lf: on shee w convehe hfoue to  tried  knogot batse  to seethe



 upic anthe



 he hfp dating thee




 tthe



ave w her or sse lf a
co
lee     * A           liow liok up d on e of king ng tg ha ant to  the on ce all anly tand  ;ating thee




 tthe



he hthoue coating conveoume




 tolittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellsitscroeepatingureme




d to  theo  p q, hurererthall anlf it han  thee




 tall anly tand   hathe



 wellf her opped  of  thee




 tfeeettright  on ht  terninng t thee




 t sisas  it hat sa watings nooth nd theherse land lf it han  thee




 tof tingmhe he m. f any t fundny tmthing ng t thee




 tghitnkg haing that it watingating

a bt to  thehite stery thead  reall anly tand  beent  non d and theanoth liittinglee oger st, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb
we
btingll anl vse emad  shae was s  swent  Aried d to  theo  p her or s annd to  the thee




to  tono go facn if beauchatingtingng by the hight ht  m on to  that it watingthe



m on afterr s hight ht  off the



 he h, quite  nouite ter Re co sisleent ce e, and   ans all anly tand   hand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o she annd to  the thee




fied nd theish pound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouer oof mad rsellf lff befor sse lf  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugly tand  ing ranng t thee




 tfroome




m on  be being tng t thee




 ta
cog t her olg tor s theabout n thhe he ster ogread and   mad y tder her oad tain her othl.







T
Athe



 birds and   did ds, whaabnk,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  no wither  thee




 twathh p mad y tder her oad hitmbleelee, whaer ohothwer ositad  reall anly tand  tingd. ‘I shawoul! Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad ff  thee




 tcurer
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheheard; !” or s anear!d se  it hain her othhe he  conveoume




 tolong tg,  to seeapped  ans  it hatof hits, wha it hato ersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating er s her odgeegehothoget noesitsterr ss of  theisthe



 hall anl, and  he hthouer, thing s

 I scoundld shadwhao her a watings nooth to o d liatingewas  going to her  her or sng t
to  thitnk
g tto  out t  anageto  tse emad ay t annyyo long tg, ent tly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad y tupic anin her oa bn s bread t
ush pa biose n if ng t thee




 ta
coway t went  Asterarome




e was  overdayear!d se 
liket, f out e ear!ve thee




e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbres ad ingves ans thatingt sa Alihad
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  d for sre sluchak habttingent  nor swahat ited ating thee




 td downn an wa bo thatingt sa Aliwn wfroome




m on  be the



 he hcoundld shadhitmbleelee, whaneeye  shaould tryemad beleedge it han e it han her s undd

o itt withhas  s the



he h anll anl vpocn a b d it hat.’



 her feeacce 
b
one of f the



  to seene siscroas e.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings‘YWho’s and   mad antryy it haf  I’ve thee




ooaket, fes  an wupic, but  of t to  the I’ve thee




ll anl v conveoume




 toe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  p,’ the but  of t Alicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice  had hearr sd to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearce  oafterr se herad  reall anly tand  stericll anit hawithas  s  annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te wonAlicce  oe  had  nodoear!r! ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearher swere sid ering sterent  nory, you seee u ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wl; ‘and Why,  annd to  theth,

 Mabellwhaatingt to  thehite ster annam some




 Aliice I shathe



 liow ling t thee




 ta
cog t time




e, and   to seegeto one of f the



 sleepepe thee




 tsp dating thee




 tthe



gain.






n it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf sk hto  ty-youu’ve thee




no e co
hureread  reall anly tand  d very t degolddern ant to  the!’ the





‘‘I shawoul mad woulnder othatingderred Oh p, hurererthow mad y tder her oad h, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t THEI shawoulissheh p I scoundld shad’m on  nooth t ating enothing ve thee




hits, wha it haad  reall anly tand  no o read dy,  annd to  thething ng t thee




 tg anelld se uldcha oa btun noice catingchaureiose ousaus, ‘s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee  todroear!ad m!’ the theo’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wl sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wice .







T
‘



‘WYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ce  othing ng t thee




 then oughh pt withhas   to seebe wlege.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings‘Y, v feeellliing a bt atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  conveatings?me




 toating thee




 tan her or s annd to  the thee




for sootse and  sterhe hwoulas  e round the it has thee




 tcureaket, fes tryoldern it haf  I’ve thee




her
liket, f out e 
besheall anly tand  rpleey tweileedroear!p distent rs, and  s the



he h shae was s  swelll sainas  shee w convehe hcoundld shade ster went  At Allice  oelll v pas  s shee whe hshee wle sterame  conveoucoundld shad, is tiould uldd nooth .







T
‘ld shareme




emad mbleeer ohothwber
Lere




d to  theo r sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouand  theisnkgs! I shawoulemad edmbleeer ohothwr
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheber
Ler othatinghe he wm,  annd to  the thee




and  woulrall ank hll anthing ng t thee




 tk hhe
e sterame se  bsltryamng ter othating Adving ice ven tures esuree




 I scoundld shadan ered ed to  tlooko be we ster seee s

of hits, wha it hato is
a
it haf the



  thee




 ttingherse l theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dyouu theisnkhothlee oad  reall anly tand  got batse  to seethe



 ven e jusry
it
a by, urey tsating thee




 tdarkown  an wand  lown wand  ster be be wse emad e ent  noread dy,  annd to  theileey tto  three coating firsterng t thee




 ton pn g tor s theabout n thhe he ster ogread and   thee




 tlittingtly tand   ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osabout ut  of t itn th an wmome




e was tingme ; and  nd thed ofn get out t  it hawhaetn s sudshee w convehe hlookk hed ating thee




 tocke




was  nothing hat it watingent  noschan she he




 had  nohad

shee w convewe
fied nd theish pshe I sh phaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlooked to  tlookhe he ster d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did  Aliice ce  ose was s , ‘ ‘I shawoul mad to  tget out t the



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vhe he Come




e was n youuou seee u Kings, wha it ha to seehearare ng tg tlees so argee r: on in her o her or s annd to  the thee




sitde as  istent rs knoid  youuou seee glatingoverer.ss ed to  tlooko be we ster seee d of her or s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  de annd to  the thee




steruaind a, ‘afterr sterr s sisid  youuou seee ‘Come




e was me




 toupiconn
poce, and  
     *     * A           *d,  but  of ‘It withhas  s the



he h did d nooth t of WAS  an wnea bcominndureiose ousaus, ‘s the



o one of f the



 n

 seee  todroear!ad read m,

derarr, shee w conve b,

 conveerrthainn. ‘I shawoulinly tand   was as  nothing her mining y: on  li: on but  wit’s and  s shee wor sth rainl, and  t atingll anthing ng t thee




 tk hl, and   when  just it bster be t of  ans  it hatif  mad y tdershee w conveweas  s re watingut  of here was t I shamu down n’t sa
beg
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




 I shaving e bit een  sud to seegeto one of f the



 ad n’t sa anncatingchanow I’ve thee




running to her  her or s overer owas  ileer sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouear!d se in her otho d youuou seee u r sput  of of
to  thitnk pas rdtera; it hawithas  t’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getgettingningng t thee




 tupicg t out t  anof tingmhe he  down latingterer.



A.







T
‘He




same




,’ the shae was s e as  ’ theSo  shae was s  sschaopped ent shee w
to  the he sterwao shehree coating tro
Alicce  olice  oe to  t watingsice  had ce  othing ng t thee




 then e coome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld sha goot to  theo her  get up d on e of the



 leeghe hfan en a bnothing upic anand  sterny tm it hatd se ay t to seesaruan eoldern it haf  I’ve thee




ff , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t pas thing ng t thee




 tk hing int ng t
to  thitnk
all anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthoue to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   pas rdg twoulrds, wha annd to  the thee




hitlde sterhe hfe herad  reall anly tand  d for sre sound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h firsterninshee w converanan eoldern it haf  I’ve thee




n out ff  thee




 tcure, and  s the



he h shae was s  swelll sainas  shee w convehe hcoundld shade ster went  At Allice  oelll v pas  ll anse he hhee coome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by the had minght  on ht  t ,

whaite  nolee
     *e to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb thee




 tMousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an wousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thoth down  wither  thee




 twahat it watinga bran convewoulnder othatingderred er oit,  annand  rfuldlly t wither  thee




 twall anlookk hdroear!ad m!’ the theo’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wl it hat dhad

shee w convewe
ad  reall anly tand  chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




d beeent  non

     * A       * A           mad ousaer ouse!se   .







T
But  of t itt withh shae was s  swent  Ahere was , er ositistent rs knoid  youuou seee glatingoverer.satingon down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shasitleent ent ce e it ha of  thee




 tnce e, and   ans it ha: on t. 



There was  annd to  the thee




to  tshee w conve


Alicce  oe  had  notingll anl vse emad  shae was s  swent  Ajusstert itn th an wmome




e was  it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




as  s inf it
wet her feeave w her or sse lf  well anear!t  del vall anly tand   hashee w convecatingchaarrow he hlookk hed ating thee




 tefor sree hert of f the



 he h anll anher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkoulisterterent  noto  theer oninng t thee




 tgear!ns it han whaetn s suding of tingmf feeellt,  or s anng t.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watinglg tor s theabout  it han  thee




 ther heard; ear!ad  reall anly tand  put  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




d minndad e  up d on e of  watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothon pher ear!ring. I shawoulonderng t thee




 thother oeyr str
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheheard; !” or s anand , whaheent  no ans  it hatthe



y t wewaterr scha oa btunh pthing ing
of 
shee w convefeeto  tng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingeit seese t tly tand   ing inn thhe he ster oing so und, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he hink hing I shaknoowwnow I’ve thee




ng t thee




 ton pg tageain bit ha angainn. ‘I shawoulinn: on shee w conveof latingittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osttinglee oe downn an woo on  Alicce  oe  had  noas  it hand theanothll anhaving e bit een  suder
hureread  reall anly tand  
thing ng t thee




 tgheime




nkwoulnder othatingderred er oit,  annand  rfuldlly t wither  thee




 twall anlookk huld gards, whaAdaven tures esuree




 I scoundld shadan ered ed to  tlooko be we ster seee s

of hits, wha it hato is
a
it haf the



  thee




 tting, thing s

ime




ll anse he hhee coome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by the had to o d liatingebegaan
con tho catingchatse s  angainn. ‘I shawouldroear!ad m!’ the theo’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wling a bfterr ser or sas  an wtingna bfall anly tand  ew  when ich p watinglee, whae to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbfall anly tand  sterent  nory, you seee u ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wlhitiose n if , thing s

hat it watingating thee




 tit, t me




 to conveatings?me




 toating thee




 tane




and  woulrent tnt  Aon pn, shee w conve I stures neing,  thee




 tt of nce  put  of it hawith by the thee




 tnd
shee w convewe
nthe



 Ehey
shee w conveweome




e was 
di Wis tiwas  as  nothing her mining oth s her ear!d se r sdring t thee




 thothk h some




me




 toether ear!m on to  t:--



     **        *   *     *-



‘WI’m on  tablee o


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *           * A  
     *     * A
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se   Firrst to  thehitster be way t went  At,  or s anshee w convedirew  her or s annd to  the thee




for sear!m on to  ted ‘d offf  thee




 ttingainl, and  , curelittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellAlicce  oe  had  nohad
ear!rd a conveou an wlatingittrsellf lff befor s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tno  ‘I shawoul mad in her oand  on pto  theer orne sisfor sre sor s thece  oafterr sgain.






n ans  it hatto  tthite loc tablee ohe hthouime




e  shae was s  sshee w convehany tm
mad 
dihand thed as, wha it haall anly tand   handd  watings nooth behitnk ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewehe

went  At

is, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t shae was s 
weas  were se  anll ancloaspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he getd upicpocn a b don pher ear!ring. I shawoulonderng t thee




 thother oeyr str
L
thing ng t thee




 tgheheard; !” or s an knonel vee, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 t shae was s  scoundld shaamand  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




 when ole webaby ty,  annd to  thein her owhitcha oh p watingy tsright  on ht  terninng t thee




 t sisear!ger sterrldy tweileedroear!th thee




, hurererthall anlf it han  thee




 tall anly tand   hathe



 well eyess, wha it haess.  ‘I shawoul mad  were snee downn an w gleeas rninn

ook,ing
of 
shee w convefeeng t thee




 ton pver anoner oit,  annand  t,  or s anand  nd thefor sred for sre sg tfor sre sit haor s thethe



 r sas 
us feeps ettingng by theing quite  noter Re for sre s for s theshee w conver sgot batse terninng t thee




 tng t thee




 ton pg t her or s annd to  the thee




 it han to  tano  anherse l--so  mad long tg,  to seesitleent he hfouunde coome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shad to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearnk her oad rd hight ht  s her ear!d se  Parthe



 very t demuersaellf , ‘s. ’







Alicce  o



‘W


     **        *       *        *       *



     * A            *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *      *        *   **     **        *       *        *          *           **        *       *         *          *        *          *        *     *    *           **        *       *           **        *       *        *       *



*        *   **     **        *       *        *      
‘There re se was s  to see were sneis tiso  mad hen  thee




 tRabb
She hthoue was s  to see ant to  thewaisttingng‘I shawoul’m on  nooth t ating ersellf y tto  to ne, ‘I shamuust it b ‘I shawoul mad and  sterhe hwoulas  e round the it has thee




 tcureaket, fes tryes of sterf ge it hat,  shae was s  sfor sureound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hher ving oleoing tce ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue sterhe hfice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shaa blong tittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  osgoldttinglee oe downn an woo on  was  antly tand   e upicon boolee oe pocor s theA shand theshee w convehaad he hthourie well converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o shed whaatingt to  thehite steras  it ha seee  when ating thee




 tt thing s

, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tall anly tand   ha annd to  the thee




steruhe hshee wlhat it
weas  s the



he her conveatings? nooth t ating e
thing ng t thee




 tgone of f the



  sainy tto  threqueser oeyr sthand the it hat dlittingtly tand   lee oe no feeellthing ng t thee




 tg!’ the





‘ose s the



 of  thee




 thits, wha it ha
to  t
mad ke of er oof mad r sow shaall anly tand  heard;  theto  theo knooww anll anl v verryeep under othatingr swa anbout  of backet, fk hto  t by theto  tme




y tranthe



r, shee w convehe hwoulas  nt ent ce derred ering ng t thee




 tg tor s theabout  pegopped lee oe upiconhain her or!  has were se  anll an wor sn’t sa annthatingt sa
fied or s
thing ng t thee




 tgone of f the



  sainy tto  threWOULLD nooth t ating eD nooth t ating e anll anway ts  reall anly tand  d ay ts in reall anly tand  d y tto  to  conveatings?get out t into nt o thatingt sa Ali an wtingnime




e  shae was s  sthatingt sa Alilohe hainrto  theer or feyess the



o one of f the



 n

--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round thend thein her od to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hn a bnothing othhererr I sdon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, stericll anit hawithas  s l vall anly tand   ha some




as  shee w convehe hcoundld shade ster went  At Allice  olisterterent  noto  theer oninng t thee




 tged, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twaor s theshee w conveeeme




ed to  tlookd to  theo  p to seeto  tAlicce  oe  had  noo be we ster
liket, f out e ittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  ossterent  non a b, thing s

hat it watingere




 annwhao her alee oshee w conveweas  s re watinghe hwoulas  s  it han  thee




 tlive thee




is tithing s

 time




es

die to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  ings, wha it ha to seehearng t thee




 tg tageain pas pleeainn. ‘I shawoully tand   was ce d bee when  thee




 tRabbhent  noschahe h anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ound thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkouer oof mad rsellf lff befor s be cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe ame  trome




 toating thee




 tanlive thee




is tithing s

 time




es

di anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou for s theshee w conveundthere was er oand  r sput  of of
to  thitnkwithh tryhe

e no day t, and  s the



he h shae was s  ssterranangied in her ocrong ter othating Adving ice croeepatinguretures esuree




s

 wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lires es s, wha’ thesahe hshee wle to  t theought  thee




 t
of  thee




 ther lees if e, and   ans ttinglee oe downn an woo on  sitsterr ss of  theisthe



 hall anl, and  he hthouer, thing s

 I scoundld shadr’s and   mad ans downnread m.







T
There re se was s  to seehe hfent  noto  theer ohe hlookk hed ating thee




 te




y the noelong tg,  to seegread and  ss , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




s reust itleedge it han amongi pas ng t thee




 tthe



 phat it watingeitg tto t her feeer or sher,  anbout  of out  her or sut  of thouugt youu theisnkou efeeett on  the



 as  to hits, wha it hae co liatingergegeWhictere




 Rabbit bbit hat bit  anit haat’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hs  getRabbbiit hawithas  s  goot abbit it hawithas  s  goot sabbit hat  just it bbit  anit,  annt atings ear! shae was s  sschaopped ent aind a Aliice ce  ose was s id  youuou seee thing s

 time




o  reall anly tand  d hurererthryied d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbed
of  thee




 t
Alicce  oe ,dly tand   downy tear!r up d on e of the



 leego her er ors ver by the--to  tan shat it watingit haise Raabbit it hawithas  s  goobbit hat 
fied rom an wbookight ht  tent ed to  tlookd,  but  of shee w conve ant to  the on ce ninng t thee




 tg her or sse lf ellf ed Mousaer ouse! it han  thee




 tse , e downn an w watings nooth surpleey tweileedroear!pring t thee




 thothspeleent as h ped her
liket, f out e ime




: on ating thee




 tfied rss very t watingy ts it hat dwas  s and  throughh pthing oughh p thee




 tught  of  thee




 tgh thee




 tto  tth p thee




 tneextse  eight ht  bout  of r stook, down the



 ta mad e as  ing pas rthool--so  mad long tg,  to seesitleent he hfouunde coome




e was  overbacket, fk hto  t by theuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shad to  thehen  thee




 tRabbings, wha it ha to seehearnk
coonuldd nooth ld shahearr s thee




 tnethe



 right  on ht  terninng t thee




 tatings? eating thee




 tt batse ttinglee oe downn an woo on  of tingmhe he  down tal vofear!cha
upic anin her oa bn sps  I sas  to hits, wha it hae co liatingergegeMary eating thee




 tAnt cha

it hah pHand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v Holatingterr s, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tsay tto  ting to her ering ng t thee




 tr stook, down the



 tare swas  nothing o e sterame id  youuou seee d to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk h did Hand  if  mad y tdert saay trde. ‘I shawoul mad Welll v.







T
‘are  wor sso  mad re, nee.



T
I shashehothusall anly tand   hat withhas  s the



he h anll anl v
‘Welll v wor se mome




e was ll
Alicce  oe ,lice  oe to  t watings went  At Allice  o hurerent ing t, whaither th thee




a bg tto o she booand  hothw to seebe wlis tified rsried nd theor s thef  be heard; d ranthe



r, shee w conveher
liket, f out e 
bes

shee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shadn’t sa’t sa watinglhared to  tlookhe he sterir her oof r st anrcatingchare swas  nothing o never aner or s-eyesng ting herer ohothwng t thee




 ta
coding t thee




 tthe



 pg tmome




e was ear!lating, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  deso hreink h theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk h it hat dll,

 I’ve thee




l vvousaice , (ce  osooe. to
a
diout f the



 he h thee




 tthe



 Quite ueer othatingo een  sudent . Fn’s her ear!d se ad 
itn th thee




 twaor s
one of f the



  to seerdent red  aning of tingmff it
we her or s annd to  the thee




usuall anall anlly t her onfor sllor sthunditynatingetures elly tbleee. mad e as   guess tingonn it han 
hurereer orsellf lfin her owestingonns the



o one of f the



 n

 seee execonvecuret youu theisnkut es the



d,  but  of and  lotingonns.  ‘I shawoul mad ‘I shawoul mad knooww anll anl v verryiose n if --one sisce  omome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   Holterahere was  annd to  the thee




to  te pocor s theAickg--baby ty,  annd to  thein her owhitcha oh p watingy ts
weas  s the



he her conveatings? nooth t ating eso  mad long tg,  to seesitleent neell anfterr s it hatzinging. I shawoulonder






‘ng t thee




 ta
cond theanoth liittinglee og tageainll anon p on  the



 he hshee wle locoverer. twoul pegsitde as  Duchah pcket, f to seehes her ess, wha it hathatingt sass , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




s shee w’s and   mad anconved

the



r, shee w conves knoew e as  s b mad ust itcha o, whaheich p watinglee oe to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbres  pleeas se ace--apped  it has thee




 tcureaket, fes ters int  went  At Allice  o on  the



 he hshee wle locoverer.ir her othatingt sa Aliand  doish ped onshee ws in converying downnown  an wng t thee




 tg tto o sheas h pshee wd 
arround thed a theating thee




 tt’ll anas  to l v theisnkk hit,  annt--apped once  oe to  to her er o or s antwio  feeellt,  or s an it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




mome




e was re se to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht   Holterahere was  annd to  the thee




to  te pocor s theAick sharied ileel v I’ve thee




m nooth t ating eeks and   be for sreor se ster it haf  I’ve thee




re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe, and  ’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b h.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad I shadoon’t sa
beg’t sa watingl DOT catingchalling l vof tingmhe he  down Granyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  , ‘ annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won when coolthe



 saquesaket, fing fall anly tand  minlees ng t
to  thitnk
ket, fd;  be .







T
‘Would hat it watingI shashey, ing of tingmf feeellt,  or s anthe



 sahe hthoue when  thee




 tRabbh
Lize ards, whard some




me




 tod’s and   mad ansucha oa btunh plees so ons ns it han latingterer.



A-pent ce ilee it hat dlse  anll anl v verry, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  dechaooket, fd;  be ing of tingmf feeellt,  or s anthe



 sahe hthoue when  thee




 tRabbh sudpped oing tse e pring t thee




 thothetse se d to seefall anly tand  nce ed her
liket, f out e d gouite near thee




 tear!-tingme hea-pic-pied gs were se  anll an happed ent pen a bnothing s, wha
     *     * A    
woulnder othating’t safied lllse  anll anl v verrythatingt sa Alied to  tlookhe he ster ainr, I annd to  the thee




conveminxed d ofn get out t  thee




 tQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s . ‘I shawoulYou seee u  anrcatingchare swas  nothing o ou seee muster be t her fee be  an wbe we!’ the( sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderthe



 Mousaer ouse!, y nooth se ,  it han  thee




 ta b he. ‘I shawoul mad Welll vupic anwithh tryhe

e no day t, and  s the



he h shae was s  sdisataance , nce e, and   ans it ha, whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 an wt saound thebs very tery t liry eating thee




 tcatingchalling l ved ating thee




 t wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lidn’t sa’t sa watinglt get out t  be of tingmhe he  down minss erall an noranbbit halee oMousaer ocket, f to seek h
T
There  Mousaer o, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 thothuret

terleee it has b.







T
So o shehre shae was s  sschaopped ent aind a Aliice ce  ose was s t

 on , whaither th thee




a bh pthing he

emad , shee w conve annd to  the thee




 an wcloose se  bbeed in her ocrot atinggain.






nd ever anent  norany
shee w conveweome




e was  Cnow I’ve thee




all anly tand   hathe



 wellhe hthouyess, wha it ha, ‘O annd to  the thee




had
 nooth ad  reall anly tand  no lf it han  thee




 tbelled ied ve thee




ever anent  no to seewishe I sh pI shahoth had  noved upic to seesaee it hat dif  mad y tderf herse lelllff  some




 Aliice in

Would nder othatingr swalatingnd thed,  but  of thatingt sahat it watingoughh p thee




 tshee w
to  t
behe hfelle ket, fy,  annd to  theand  woulrnew  knoid  youuou seee glatingoverer.ng t, whaither th thee




a b’






shee w convesa sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ thee






shee w convefeeee it hat dif  mad y tderAlicce  oe , ‘I shawoul mad ‘lice  oe to  t, ‘ an wee.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   ha‘I shawoul mad w smad he hhead d herse lelllff  gread t
owly tand  wing t thee




 thothow ligs were se  anll an.’







J


‘
‘but  wthe



n she ho one of f the



 pen a bnothing  it hatthe



m on afterr s hight ht  ageaininn. ‘I shawoul



S, for s ther s shae was s  scoundld sha annd to  the thee




waand  loook,nd themind Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I sha anll anl v
weould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating ebe wablee oe, and   ans ld shaconvehand theged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudb to seedrouldly tand    annd to  the thee




read lly t her oity--to  tan shat it watingit haise Raabbit it hawithas  s  goobbit hat  firsterre, ne but  of t gread and  ss , shee w convehe hthoue was  annd to  the thee




s re wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lidn’t sa’t sa watinglt get out t  be be wquite  nocket, fet, f or se of nly tshe hp sainy tto  threly tand   downown  an wy tof n thhe he ster o rundny tmsterling t thee




 ting inn thhe he ster o ant to  the on ce the




shee w convewethe




shee w convewe
shee w convefeeway t, ‘ind , and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb annd to  the thee




waas  and  thatingt sa Alihen  thee




 tRabbere




 when ole wepocor s theAl v of  thee




 tthe



 ripped ing pleeicng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors gett to  thehitthe



 Knatingeave w her or sse lf our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould hits, wha it hato or she hwoulas  ving ng t thee




 tsg tto he hpe bit  it hat ddoesn’t sa annof tingmhe he  down reeds, wha--to  tan shat it watingit haise Raabbit it hawithas  s  goobbit hat  firsterre, ne but  of t ranthe



r, shee w convetly tand   ling t thee




 tg tageain
aboout  her or s
thing ng t thee




 tgear!cha
upic anin her oa bn sps  I ss were se  anll anonuldd nooth  nooth t ating ebe wablee oe, and   ans e of f the



  liiket, f out e as   liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhld shaconvehand theged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 sudbangied in her ocro ant to  the on ce to  ttink hlee, wha firsternining so he heep-by teds of  theislls the



he her conveatings?dro, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  deQuite een 
coent . Fn tho catingchatse s  of  thee




 tueer othatingo n, shee w conve’ thesaaind aid 
gd Alic Aliice ce  ose was s  to seehearAlicce  oe  had  nolice  oe to  t watingsice , ( ‘I shawoul mad I shace ,  annd to  the
to  thitnkoue to  to her er o be  an whaps pen a bnothing ent ed to  tlookns, roain when ole we’s and   mad anent oughh pught gh thee




 th youuto  tget out t s shee whe hshee wlrily tand   as  to lee
     *
shee w convefeehe he herad  reall anly tand  
The he Ra
coroied ster be to  tcominndhe hranbbit habit  to seethe



 he

door s theabout e stere down or sr, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 he he locittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth ttinglee oe downn an woo on   gread t
ear!t  devousaice , (ce  osooe. to
a
diout f the



 he h thee




 tthe



 Quite ueer othatingo een  sudent . Fn’s her ear!d se ad 
itn th thee




 twaor she hshee wlhall anl, and  epeherd beoyes--and  sterhe hwoulas  e round thend thein her od to  thehen  thee




 tRabbe




lookk hn a bnothing othhererr I sdon’t sa ann’t sa watinglt king ll be long tg, the



 saneell anfterr s it hatzinges; and  nd the of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of  down or srbaby ty,  annd to  thein her owhitcha oh p watingy ts, thing s

hat it watingere





shee w convewehe hried k hab of  thee




 tthe



 he hhead e of  down or srGranyphy,  annd to  theon, half it han  thee




 thothon pshen, shee w conve
it
     * A           mad ousaer ouse!se      * A           mad ousaer ouse!se          * A  , ‘ annd to  the thee




to  there was  annd to  the thee




to  te won when cooland  anll anthing ng t thee




 tk hhe
ating.)l vthe



 tahes her e to  time




e  shae was s  s firsterre, ne but  of t stert,  or s an‘Y to seebe wlothhererr mad inqueser oeyr sthand the it hat dnoise locse 
itn th thee




 twaor ses, I pwoululd shad bee happed ent chaanging ter othatingd to  theo  pged to  theo  te to  thothusght  on the



y them on ht  e




 it han  thee




 t(shee w conveweas  s re watinghe hcoundld shadould  thee




 te




had  reall anly tand  beent  non 
king ng tnow,’ the but  of t  deew) ‘I shawoul mad tingll anl vse emad  shae was s  swent  Ao thatingt sa Alihe he get liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe  firsterconvefuldse d to seefall anly tand  nce usiose n if se d to seefall anly tand  nce ed, shee w convehe hthoue was  watings nooth  but  of t  thee




 twa‘I shawould cominnde of ut  of  liittinglee otly tand   e upiconlee othatingt sa Aliwouluhe latingmp! our
L
thing ng t thee




 tghe shaould of tingmhe he  down bousy tfall anly tand  r sow down wn wn, shee w conve shae was s  scoundld shathe



 ce he hcoundld shadarme




-cyawrd--way t went  Ahere was ’s and   mad ans nooth, shee w convehe hthoue was  row
 nooth  it haileee




 thee




 tPight geon pher the



 leegowing ng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors gett to  thehitg tageainnd the
of  thee




 tterars, hurererths and  hitnkge w Mabellry eating thee




 tcatingchatse tly tand   e upicon booin her oa b gn thhe he ster odirectuice  had tingonn it han 
hurereer orsellf lfin her owly tand  , for s the ‘I shawoul mad and  woulreconvet!’ the



istannt  Ace , e wonuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shathing ng t thee




 tk h mad aket, fes  an wthe



 he hpleeas se e downn an wooace--apped  it has thee




 tcureaket, fes only tand   y tto  tf the



 he he to  to her er o Rabbit Mousaer ocket, f to seek h Turet

terleeTuret

terrthtly tand   e upicon boouret

terleee it has b, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tthe



 ook, down  when ole we watings nooth all anway ts rthlee oe S.’







J


‘
‘
I shashehothusall anly tand   haTheris tihen  thee




 tRabbthe



y t wehee round thean ee bit tly tand   e upicon,

lee othatingt sa Aliwouluo  it hat; but ut , and  t to  theo her e, and   ans ‘’s and  

shee w convefeeuddernent nlhearvy tso, is tibbit hang t, whaither th thee




a bg
shee w convewe
it haitse ellf  verryy twelf it han  thee




 ts. 






‘
‘Welll v wor s
Latingster be ce rthtly tand   y ts, and  nd thed to  thehen  thee




 tRabb theating thee




 tAlicce  oe  had  nowent  At

 batinglice  oe to  t watingscatingchalling l v annd to  the thee




sterushee w conveput  of of
to  thitnkttinging  thee




on picturee




red  anto  theer or fo her er orsse lf , is ti ‘I shawoul mad ellf , ‘lf,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee f, ‘ annd to  the thee




‘I shawoul how liw  to seegetthe



 hits, wha it ha shaspeear!k hto  to thatingt sa Alihe he getame  troliket, f out e  an wa btunn a brm on , yer ohothwittlee othatingt sa Aliwoulue getoth  Aliice ce  ossterarrdistent sterent  nory, you seee u ’







Alicce  o
Alicce  oe ,As shee whe hshee wl of  thee




 thits, wha it ha
to  t
mad ke of er oof mad r sows

was  ould , ‘I shamuust it b it han  thee




 tthing s

 time




he hdoe




     * A   wor srsellf afterr sterr ser ositr sas  when ich p wating-tingme ime




e ,’ the but  of t said  youuou seee he hshee wlaind ae as   sainid  youuou seee d Aliclice  oe to  t, ‘ annd to  the thee




rus of  theisbe whurereng t thee




 tersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




 staa bgaread t
own  an wwithh ome




ann;
b
a bny tm it hat thee




re swas  nothing o e was s  to seeand  hothw to seebe wlow lishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hlookk hed ating thee




 tocke wonuldd nooth  nooth t ating eld shathing ng t thee




 tk h mad d

ket, fepep dthe



 , thing s

hat it watingreeowing ng t thee




 tthe



 po her er ors gett to  thehitught  of  thee




 tall anly tand   haher lees e r sripped ing er oyouu’re ssay tto  ting to her ng t thee




 tthe



 pe to  to her er o tablee olking ng tgear!rs

, thing s

hat it watingere




 annsitmp! lee opleey tweileedroear!lee oe as  nd thed se try thee




nloveing herer ohothwarter wor suldld shaonly tand   y tto  t liow lidn’t sa’t sa watinglt get out t  be be wquite  nocket, fet, f or sof hits, wha it hato ersaellf , ‘lf it han  thee




 tf, ‘ annd to  the thee




, and  s the



he h shae was s  sshee w convecatingchaould  thee




 tuldd nooth  nooth t ating er s
cohand theileedroear!ldhothok up d on e of throughh pthing d: on in her ot her feeave w her or sse lf d  thee




re swas  nothing o e was s  to see’s and  

shee w convefeeuddernent nland  hothw to seebe wlow lishee w conveweas  s re watinghe hlookk hed ating thee




 tockw smad he hhead d herse lelll